"x"
"1" "The Venetian at Grace Bay Beach is second to none.  If you are planning a trip to Turks and Caicos islands, contact The Venetian's Colleen, she is the best! She helped to line our itinerary and made reservations for each day including activities.Our vacation was a 10! Our villa 3/3 where literally steps away from the beach,and pool. Screen patio, bedroom views of the best beaches in the world. We can tell you, you will not be disappointed,this villa is steps away from the casino, restaurants, shopping, massages and watersports. Colleen,thank you for a beautiful vacation, we had a fantastic time. See you next Summer, we visited other properties while we were there and we are so happy we chose the Venetian. Take notes; you must have a rental car to get around, recommend Avis, we had a shocker at one of the other well known rental locations. Cook and eat breakfast in the villa.Theres a bbq pit on the property.Bay Bistro has the best dinner but it is pricey. Solana restaurant and Danny Buoys is affordable. Have cash, international fees on your card adds up.Carry a MC or Visa, Discover/Amex not much.Leave your jacket/sweaters at home its hot! Take water shoes to wear Parasailing and walking on the beach after noon.Insects are bad at dusk and night, wear repellent! Shop Regent Village and Salt Mills Plaza. Hope this helps,hope you have a great time! We had a blast, we stayed 5 days.…"
"2" "Spent 5 days at the Venetian. Very spacious and clean 2 bedroom suite for my family of four with stunning views of the bay. This is in the northern aspect of the island so away from shops but the privacy of the beach was wonderful and the smaller size of the resort meant the pool was never crowded for my young children. Even the WiFi was decent. Nice fitness center. Extremely helpful staff. From getting us groceries to rescheduling our day trips after rain cancelled two days in a row of activities to just overall kindness the staff was more than I expected. The cell service could be better. Also the northern location means taxi rides to many locations was a little more expensive than I expected. However I highly recommend the Venetian on Grace Bay and would absolutely stay there again. …"
"3" "This was our fourth TCI stay and first at the Venetian.  The Venetian was exactly what we wanted and hoped for.  We stayed for 12 nights and 7 of those nights we had another couple with us.  All units have 3 bedrooms and the common space in the unit is large enough where it never felt crowed  to the 4 of us.  We celebrated our 20th anniversary while there and were so excited to find a bottle of Prosecco awaiting our arrival compliments of the fine front office folks.  The unit was well appointed and really had little sign of being a place that was on the rental market.    We saw lots of folks around the grounds making sure that anything that needed attention, was getting it.  Beach chairs and umbrellas went up and down every day and floats were readily available at both the beach and the pool.  We never felt that it was too busy at either and I believe that many if not all units were occupied while we were there.  We used the fitness room pretty much daily.  The only drawback to that room was the cooling.  Obviously it’s not cooled when not in use  and it took a fair amount of time before you could feel the AC once we started it.   Me being an early bird and first in the room daily… very warm at first.  I guess the Silver Lining here is I may have burned more calories <U+F04A>   We have done all-inclusive resorts and home away as well.  The Venetian delivers somewhere in the middle.  There is no food or bar on the resort(of which we knew going in) but who needs 6 meals a day like you get with an all-inclusive anyway.  With a fully stocked kitchen meals were easy and clean up a breeze with the dishwasher.  Plus the daily housekeeping was top notch.  Our room(s) were cleaned daily and our housekeeper even emptied the dishwasher as part of her daily routine.   So making light meals were easy and allowed us to make healthy choices!  We spent our days mostly enjoying the beautiful beach on Grace Bay.  This is the finest beach in my opinion and I have extensive Caribbean experience.    I must say; we were glad we stayed and very sad to leave.  Thank you Colleen and Ornella for ensuring that all guests are having a wonderful stay at the lovely Venetian!…"
"4" "My husband and and I chose The Venetian for a 20th Anniversary trip. We had never been to TCI but I believe after being there this location was the best. It is located on beautiful Grace Bay but near the end of all of the resorts so we had the beach pretty much to ourselves. During our visit there were not a ton of other guests so it was quiet and just perfect for our trip.  The room was beautifully decorated and very relaxing. The kitchen was stocked with all that was needed to cook... if you chose. Room service came daily if needed and they restocked coffee and water as well as beach and bath towels. Our rooms was always immaculate! The screened porch was a perfect place to wake up with a cup of coffee or relax and watch the sunset.   The room had a washer and dryer with soap for use. Also, a powder room along with the master bath. While we only used one bedroom there was accessibility to have up to 3 bedrooms for use. The Master bedroom opened to the patio for beach front views or to fall asleep to the sound of the water.   Also loved that there were rafts and noodles available for use to float in the water. The resort also had a shower near the beach to rinse off before heading back to the room. The staff leaves a cooler of ice water near the path to the beach for guest to grab as they headed down for the day. Loved that touch! There was also beach front drinks/food that could be ordered from the server who walked down from the resort just up the way. We were also able to have dinner and events booked right from the main office. They were just lovely to work with and made our stay memorable. Hope to be back there some day! …"
"5" "Very nice condo with first class attention to detail.Also very well located near golf,restaurants and other attractions like shopping.Right on the beach and although no restaurant there are 2-3 within 5 minute walk."
"6" "The Venetian at Grace Bay Beach is second to none.  If you are planning a trip to Turks and Caicos islands, contact The Venetian's Colleen, she is the best! She helped to line our itinerary and made reservations for each day including activities.Our vacation was a 10! Our villa 3/3 where literally steps away from the beach,and pool. Screen patio, bedroom views of the best beaches in the world. We can tell you, you will not be disappointed,this villa is steps away from the casino, restaurants, shopping, massages and watersports. Colleen,thank you for a beautiful vacation, we had a fantastic time. See you next Summer, we visited other properties while we were there and we are so happy we chose the Venetian. Take notes; you must have a rental car to get around, recommend Avis, we had a shocker at one of the other well known rental locations. Cook and eat breakfast in the villa.Theres a bbq pit on the property.Bay Bistro has the best dinner but it is pricey. Solana restaurant and Danny Buoys is affordable. Have cash, international fees on your card adds up.Carry a MC or Visa, Discover/Amex not much.Leave your jacket/sweaters at home its hot! Take water shoes to wear Parasailing and walking on the beach after noon.Insects are bad at dusk and night, wear repellent! Shop Regent Village and Salt Mills Plaza. Hope this helps,hope you have a great time! We had a blast, we stayed 5 days.…"
"7" "Spent 5 days at the Venetian. Very spacious and clean 2 bedroom suite for my family of four with stunning views of the bay. This is in the northern aspect of the island so away from shops but the privacy of the beach was wonderful and the smaller size of the resort meant the pool was never crowded for my young children. Even the WiFi was decent. Nice fitness center. Extremely helpful staff. From getting us groceries to rescheduling our day trips after rain cancelled two days in a row of activities to just overall kindness the staff was more than I expected. The cell service could be better. Also the northern location means taxi rides to many locations was a little more expensive than I expected. However I highly recommend the Venetian on Grace Bay and would absolutely stay there again. …"
"8" "This was our fourth TCI stay and first at the Venetian.  The Venetian was exactly what we wanted and hoped for.  We stayed for 12 nights and 7 of those nights we had another couple with us.  All units have 3 bedrooms and the common space in the unit is large enough where it never felt crowed  to the 4 of us.  We celebrated our 20th anniversary while there and were so excited to find a bottle of Prosecco awaiting our arrival compliments of the fine front office folks.  The unit was well appointed and really had little sign of being a place that was on the rental market.    We saw lots of folks around the grounds making sure that anything that needed attention, was getting it.  Beach chairs and umbrellas went up and down every day and floats were readily available at both the beach and the pool.  We never felt that it was too busy at either and I believe that many if not all units were occupied while we were there.  We used the fitness room pretty much daily.  The only drawback to that room was the cooling.  Obviously it’s not cooled when not in use  and it took a fair amount of time before you could feel the AC once we started it.   Me being an early bird and first in the room daily… very warm at first.  I guess the Silver Lining here is I may have burned more calories <U+F04A>   We have done all-inclusive resorts and home away as well.  The Venetian delivers somewhere in the middle.  There is no food or bar on the resort(of which we knew going in) but who needs 6 meals a day like you get with an all-inclusive anyway.  With a fully stocked kitchen meals were easy and clean up a breeze with the dishwasher.  Plus the daily housekeeping was top notch.  Our room(s) were cleaned daily and our housekeeper even emptied the dishwasher as part of her daily routine.   So making light meals were easy and allowed us to make healthy choices!  We spent our days mostly enjoying the beautiful beach on Grace Bay.  This is the finest beach in my opinion and I have extensive Caribbean experience.    I must say; we were glad we stayed and very sad to leave.  Thank you Colleen and Ornella for ensuring that all guests are having a wonderful stay at the lovely Venetian!…"
"9" "My husband and and I chose The Venetian for a 20th Anniversary trip. We had never been to TCI but I believe after being there this location was the best. It is located on beautiful Grace Bay but near the end of all of the resorts so we had the beach pretty much to ourselves. During our visit there were not a ton of other guests so it was quiet and just perfect for our trip.  The room was beautifully decorated and very relaxing. The kitchen was stocked with all that was needed to cook... if you chose. Room service came daily if needed and they restocked coffee and water as well as beach and bath towels. Our rooms was always immaculate! The screened porch was a perfect place to wake up with a cup of coffee or relax and watch the sunset.   The room had a washer and dryer with soap for use. Also, a powder room along with the master bath. While we only used one bedroom there was accessibility to have up to 3 bedrooms for use. The Master bedroom opened to the patio for beach front views or to fall asleep to the sound of the water.   Also loved that there were rafts and noodles available for use to float in the water. The resort also had a shower near the beach to rinse off before heading back to the room. The staff leaves a cooler of ice water near the path to the beach for guest to grab as they headed down for the day. Loved that touch! There was also beach front drinks/food that could be ordered from the server who walked down from the resort just up the way. We were also able to have dinner and events booked right from the main office. They were just lovely to work with and made our stay memorable. Hope to be back there some day! …"
"10" "Very nice condo with first class attention to detail.Also very well located near golf,restaurants and other attractions like shopping.Right on the beach and although no restaurant there are 2-3 within 5 minute walk."
"11" "The Venetian at Grace Bay Beach is second to none.  If you are planning a trip to Turks and Caicos islands, contact The Venetian's Colleen, she is the best! She helped to line our itinerary and made reservations for each day including activities.Our vacation was a 10! Our villa 3/3 where literally steps away from the beach,and pool. Screen patio, bedroom views of the best beaches in the world. We can tell you, you will not be disappointed,this villa is steps away from the casino, restaurants, shopping, massages and watersports. Colleen,thank you for a beautiful vacation, we had a fantastic time. See you next Summer, we visited other properties while we were there and we are so happy we chose the Venetian. Take notes; you must have a rental car to get around, recommend Avis, we had a shocker at one of the other well known rental locations. Cook and eat breakfast in the villa.Theres a bbq pit on the property.Bay Bistro has the best dinner but it is pricey. Solana restaurant and Danny Buoys is affordable. Have cash, international fees on your card adds up.Carry a MC or Visa, Discover/Amex not much.Leave your jacket/sweaters at home its hot! Take water shoes to wear Parasailing and walking on the beach after noon.Insects are bad at dusk and night, wear repellent! Shop Regent Village and Salt Mills Plaza. Hope this helps,hope you have a great time! We had a blast, we stayed 5 days.…"
"12" "Spent 5 days at the Venetian. Very spacious and clean 2 bedroom suite for my family of four with stunning views of the bay. This is in the northern aspect of the island so away from shops but the privacy of the beach was wonderful and the smaller size of the resort meant the pool was never crowded for my young children. Even the WiFi was decent. Nice fitness center. Extremely helpful staff. From getting us groceries to rescheduling our day trips after rain cancelled two days in a row of activities to just overall kindness the staff was more than I expected. The cell service could be better. Also the northern location means taxi rides to many locations was a little more expensive than I expected. However I highly recommend the Venetian on Grace Bay and would absolutely stay there again. …"
"13" "This was our fourth TCI stay and first at the Venetian.  The Venetian was exactly what we wanted and hoped for.  We stayed for 12 nights and 7 of those nights we had another couple with us.  All units have 3 bedrooms and the common space in the unit is large enough where it never felt crowed  to the 4 of us.  We celebrated our 20th anniversary while there and were so excited to find a bottle of Prosecco awaiting our arrival compliments of the fine front office folks.  The unit was well appointed and really had little sign of being a place that was on the rental market.    We saw lots of folks around the grounds making sure that anything that needed attention, was getting it.  Beach chairs and umbrellas went up and down every day and floats were readily available at both the beach and the pool.  We never felt that it was too busy at either and I believe that many if not all units were occupied while we were there.  We used the fitness room pretty much daily.  The only drawback to that room was the cooling.  Obviously it’s not cooled when not in use  and it took a fair amount of time before you could feel the AC once we started it.   Me being an early bird and first in the room daily… very warm at first.  I guess the Silver Lining here is I may have burned more calories <U+F04A>   We have done all-inclusive resorts and home away as well.  The Venetian delivers somewhere in the middle.  There is no food or bar on the resort(of which we knew going in) but who needs 6 meals a day like you get with an all-inclusive anyway.  With a fully stocked kitchen meals were easy and clean up a breeze with the dishwasher.  Plus the daily housekeeping was top notch.  Our room(s) were cleaned daily and our housekeeper even emptied the dishwasher as part of her daily routine.   So making light meals were easy and allowed us to make healthy choices!  We spent our days mostly enjoying the beautiful beach on Grace Bay.  This is the finest beach in my opinion and I have extensive Caribbean experience.    I must say; we were glad we stayed and very sad to leave.  Thank you Colleen and Ornella for ensuring that all guests are having a wonderful stay at the lovely Venetian!…"
"14" "My husband and and I chose The Venetian for a 20th Anniversary trip. We had never been to TCI but I believe after being there this location was the best. It is located on beautiful Grace Bay but near the end of all of the resorts so we had the beach pretty much to ourselves. During our visit there were not a ton of other guests so it was quiet and just perfect for our trip.  The room was beautifully decorated and very relaxing. The kitchen was stocked with all that was needed to cook... if you chose. Room service came daily if needed and they restocked coffee and water as well as beach and bath towels. Our rooms was always immaculate! The screened porch was a perfect place to wake up with a cup of coffee or relax and watch the sunset.   The room had a washer and dryer with soap for use. Also, a powder room along with the master bath. While we only used one bedroom there was accessibility to have up to 3 bedrooms for use. The Master bedroom opened to the patio for beach front views or to fall asleep to the sound of the water.   Also loved that there were rafts and noodles available for use to float in the water. The resort also had a shower near the beach to rinse off before heading back to the room. The staff leaves a cooler of ice water near the path to the beach for guest to grab as they headed down for the day. Loved that touch! There was also beach front drinks/food that could be ordered from the server who walked down from the resort just up the way. We were also able to have dinner and events booked right from the main office. They were just lovely to work with and made our stay memorable. Hope to be back there some day! …"
"15" "Very nice condo with first class attention to detail.Also very well located near golf,restaurants and other attractions like shopping.Right on the beach and although no restaurant there are 2-3 within 5 minute walk."
"16" "The Venetian at Grace Bay Beach is second to none.  If you are planning a trip to Turks and Caicos islands, contact The Venetian's Colleen, she is the best! She helped to line our itinerary and made reservations for each day including activities.Our vacation was a 10! Our villa 3/3 where literally steps away from the beach,and pool. Screen patio, bedroom views of the best beaches in the world. We can tell you, you will not be disappointed,this villa is steps away from the casino, restaurants, shopping, massages and watersports. Colleen,thank you for a beautiful vacation, we had a fantastic time. See you next Summer, we visited other properties while we were there and we are so happy we chose the Venetian. Take notes; you must have a rental car to get around, recommend Avis, we had a shocker at one of the other well known rental locations. Cook and eat breakfast in the villa.Theres a bbq pit on the property.Bay Bistro has the best dinner but it is pricey. Solana restaurant and Danny Buoys is affordable. Have cash, international fees on your card adds up.Carry a MC or Visa, Discover/Amex not much.Leave your jacket/sweaters at home its hot! Take water shoes to wear Parasailing and walking on the beach after noon.Insects are bad at dusk and night, wear repellent! Shop Regent Village and Salt Mills Plaza. Hope this helps,hope you have a great time! We had a blast, we stayed 5 days.…"
"17" "Spent 5 days at the Venetian. Very spacious and clean 2 bedroom suite for my family of four with stunning views of the bay. This is in the northern aspect of the island so away from shops but the privacy of the beach was wonderful and the smaller size of the resort meant the pool was never crowded for my young children. Even the WiFi was decent. Nice fitness center. Extremely helpful staff. From getting us groceries to rescheduling our day trips after rain cancelled two days in a row of activities to just overall kindness the staff was more than I expected. The cell service could be better. Also the northern location means taxi rides to many locations was a little more expensive than I expected. However I highly recommend the Venetian on Grace Bay and would absolutely stay there again. …"
"18" "This was our fourth TCI stay and first at the Venetian.  The Venetian was exactly what we wanted and hoped for.  We stayed for 12 nights and 7 of those nights we had another couple with us.  All units have 3 bedrooms and the common space in the unit is large enough where it never felt crowed  to the 4 of us.  We celebrated our 20th anniversary while there and were so excited to find a bottle of Prosecco awaiting our arrival compliments of the fine front office folks.  The unit was well appointed and really had little sign of being a place that was on the rental market.    We saw lots of folks around the grounds making sure that anything that needed attention, was getting it.  Beach chairs and umbrellas went up and down every day and floats were readily available at both the beach and the pool.  We never felt that it was too busy at either and I believe that many if not all units were occupied while we were there.  We used the fitness room pretty much daily.  The only drawback to that room was the cooling.  Obviously it’s not cooled when not in use  and it took a fair amount of time before you could feel the AC once we started it.   Me being an early bird and first in the room daily… very warm at first.  I guess the Silver Lining here is I may have burned more calories <U+F04A>   We have done all-inclusive resorts and home away as well.  The Venetian delivers somewhere in the middle.  There is no food or bar on the resort(of which we knew going in) but who needs 6 meals a day like you get with an all-inclusive anyway.  With a fully stocked kitchen meals were easy and clean up a breeze with the dishwasher.  Plus the daily housekeeping was top notch.  Our room(s) were cleaned daily and our housekeeper even emptied the dishwasher as part of her daily routine.   So making light meals were easy and allowed us to make healthy choices!  We spent our days mostly enjoying the beautiful beach on Grace Bay.  This is the finest beach in my opinion and I have extensive Caribbean experience.    I must say; we were glad we stayed and very sad to leave.  Thank you Colleen and Ornella for ensuring that all guests are having a wonderful stay at the lovely Venetian!…"
"19" "My husband and and I chose The Venetian for a 20th Anniversary trip. We had never been to TCI but I believe after being there this location was the best. It is located on beautiful Grace Bay but near the end of all of the resorts so we had the beach pretty much to ourselves. During our visit there were not a ton of other guests so it was quiet and just perfect for our trip.  The room was beautifully decorated and very relaxing. The kitchen was stocked with all that was needed to cook... if you chose. Room service came daily if needed and they restocked coffee and water as well as beach and bath towels. Our rooms was always immaculate! The screened porch was a perfect place to wake up with a cup of coffee or relax and watch the sunset.   The room had a washer and dryer with soap for use. Also, a powder room along with the master bath. While we only used one bedroom there was accessibility to have up to 3 bedrooms for use. The Master bedroom opened to the patio for beach front views or to fall asleep to the sound of the water.   Also loved that there were rafts and noodles available for use to float in the water. The resort also had a shower near the beach to rinse off before heading back to the room. The staff leaves a cooler of ice water near the path to the beach for guest to grab as they headed down for the day. Loved that touch! There was also beach front drinks/food that could be ordered from the server who walked down from the resort just up the way. We were also able to have dinner and events booked right from the main office. They were just lovely to work with and made our stay memorable. Hope to be back there some day! …"
"20" "Very nice condo with first class attention to detail.Also very well located near golf,restaurants and other attractions like shopping.Right on the beach and although no restaurant there are 2-3 within 5 minute walk."
"21" "  I’ll keep this simple, it’s expensive here but if you can afford it then please do not hesitate.  My wife and I have travelled extensively throughout Mexico and the Caribbean and we’ve never been at a better location.  The Venetian and Grace Bay are a perfect combination.  The…"
"22" "This place is breathtaking. All rooms have an ocean view. Levels 2 and higher have a screened in balcony. The 1st floor opens up to a well-maintained yard. It is at the east end of the main strip of Grace Bay. It is quiet and not as crowded. The rooms are very roomy and clean. I…"
"23" "This place is a gem and a dream. My only complaint is that we didn’t stay longer. I knew going into it that it would be a condo as it clearly states, so we rented a car. There is a woman who takes orders from the beach for lunch and drinks from Ocean Club so that was very…"
"24" "As some others have stated, this is not a standard hotel.  I knew this coming in and this is exactly what I was looking for.  Extremely spacious, full kitchen and evey detail was thought of (unit 103).  There are plenty of food and drink options just a few steps away, Rooms are…"
"25" "The pros: Truly beautiful apartment! Stayed with my family in a 3 bedroom unit and it was gorgeous! Full kitchen, bathroom in every bedroom, lovely living room and the most beautiful, huge, screened-in porch. The property is at the furthest end of the beach, so very quiet and…"
"26" "  I’ll keep this simple, it’s expensive here but if you can afford it then please do not hesitate.  My wife and I have travelled extensively throughout Mexico and the Caribbean and we’ve never been at a better location.  The Venetian and Grace Bay are a perfect combination.  The…"
"27" "This place is breathtaking. All rooms have an ocean view. Levels 2 and higher have a screened in balcony. The 1st floor opens up to a well-maintained yard. It is at the east end of the main strip of Grace Bay. It is quiet and not as crowded. The rooms are very roomy and clean. I…"
"28" "This place is a gem and a dream. My only complaint is that we didn’t stay longer. I knew going into it that it would be a condo as it clearly states, so we rented a car. There is a woman who takes orders from the beach for lunch and drinks from Ocean Club so that was very…"
"29" "As some others have stated, this is not a standard hotel.  I knew this coming in and this is exactly what I was looking for.  Extremely spacious, full kitchen and evey detail was thought of (unit 103).  There are plenty of food and drink options just a few steps away, Rooms are…"
"30" "The pros: Truly beautiful apartment! Stayed with my family in a 3 bedroom unit and it was gorgeous! Full kitchen, bathroom in every bedroom, lovely living room and the most beautiful, huge, screened-in porch. The property is at the furthest end of the beach, so very quiet and…"
"31" "  I’ll keep this simple, it’s expensive here but if you can afford it then please do not hesitate.  My wife and I have travelled extensively throughout Mexico and the Caribbean and we’ve never been at a better location.  The Venetian and Grace Bay are a perfect combination.  The…"
"32" "This place is breathtaking. All rooms have an ocean view. Levels 2 and higher have a screened in balcony. The 1st floor opens up to a well-maintained yard. It is at the east end of the main strip of Grace Bay. It is quiet and not as crowded. The rooms are very roomy and clean. I…"
"33" "This place is a gem and a dream. My only complaint is that we didn’t stay longer. I knew going into it that it would be a condo as it clearly states, so we rented a car. There is a woman who takes orders from the beach for lunch and drinks from Ocean Club so that was very…"
"34" "As some others have stated, this is not a standard hotel.  I knew this coming in and this is exactly what I was looking for.  Extremely spacious, full kitchen and evey detail was thought of (unit 103).  There are plenty of food and drink options just a few steps away, Rooms are…"
"35" "The pros: Truly beautiful apartment! Stayed with my family in a 3 bedroom unit and it was gorgeous! Full kitchen, bathroom in every bedroom, lovely living room and the most beautiful, huge, screened-in porch. The property is at the furthest end of the beach, so very quiet and…"
"36" "  I’ll keep this simple, it’s expensive here but if you can afford it then please do not hesitate.  My wife and I have travelled extensively throughout Mexico and the Caribbean and we’ve never been at a better location.  The Venetian and Grace Bay are a perfect combination.  The…"
"37" "This place is breathtaking. All rooms have an ocean view. Levels 2 and higher have a screened in balcony. The 1st floor opens up to a well-maintained yard. It is at the east end of the main strip of Grace Bay. It is quiet and not as crowded. The rooms are very roomy and clean. I…"
"38" "This place is a gem and a dream. My only complaint is that we didn’t stay longer. I knew going into it that it would be a condo as it clearly states, so we rented a car. There is a woman who takes orders from the beach for lunch and drinks from Ocean Club so that was very…"
"39" "As some others have stated, this is not a standard hotel.  I knew this coming in and this is exactly what I was looking for.  Extremely spacious, full kitchen and evey detail was thought of (unit 103).  There are plenty of food and drink options just a few steps away, Rooms are…"
"40" "The pros: Truly beautiful apartment! Stayed with my family in a 3 bedroom unit and it was gorgeous! Full kitchen, bathroom in every bedroom, lovely living room and the most beautiful, huge, screened-in porch. The property is at the furthest end of the beach, so very quiet and…"
"41" "  I’ll keep this simple, it’s expensive here but if you can afford it then please do not hesitate.  My wife and I have travelled extensively throughout Mexico and the Caribbean and we’ve never been at a better location.  The Venetian and Grace Bay are a perfect combination.  The…"
"42" "This place is breathtaking. All rooms have an ocean view. Levels 2 and higher have a screened in balcony. The 1st floor opens up to a well-maintained yard. It is at the east end of the main strip of Grace Bay. It is quiet and not as crowded. The rooms are very roomy and clean. I…"
"43" "This place is a gem and a dream. My only complaint is that we didn’t stay longer. I knew going into it that it would be a condo as it clearly states, so we rented a car. There is a woman who takes orders from the beach for lunch and drinks from Ocean Club so that was very…"
"44" "As some others have stated, this is not a standard hotel.  I knew this coming in and this is exactly what I was looking for.  Extremely spacious, full kitchen and evey detail was thought of (unit 103).  There are plenty of food and drink options just a few steps away, Rooms are…"
"45" "The pros: Truly beautiful apartment! Stayed with my family in a 3 bedroom unit and it was gorgeous! Full kitchen, bathroom in every bedroom, lovely living room and the most beautiful, huge, screened-in porch. The property is at the furthest end of the beach, so very quiet and…"
"46" "Ok, we are here now.  The place is gorgeous and everyone is very friendly.  The room is spacious, good workout facility and the water is amazing.  However, I wanted to make sure everyone knows that this is really much more of a condo rental than a resort.  My wife and I are used…"
"47" "We loved our stay! Beach and view were beautiful. Accommodations were clean, spacious, well-maintained and lovely. Staff was helpful and friendly. We are a family of 6 (2 adults and 4 children) and had a great time. Loads to do on the beach it a perfect setting to just relax and…"
"48" "The Venetian was an amazing place! The place is so clean and well maintained. Make sure to ask the staff ahead of time to book a rental car (I would recommend Ideal Rental Cars, Ian was great), dinner reservations, and other activities. The Venetian is at the end of Grace Bay…"
"49" "Great experience, fabulous accommodations and the staff everywhere on the property were friendly and helpful. The pool, beach, massage and reservations for activities could not be better. I highly recommend this outstanding property. Every part of the property was exceptionally…"
"50" "The Venetian is a high quality condo resort at the east end of Grace Bay. The two bedroom condo we had for the four of us was perfect. Well appointed rooms and kitchen, living room, and the best part - the screened in porch. Sand flies / fleas can be an issue so a nice haven.  …"
