"x"
"Excellent TV. Been using for a month or so. The speakers are of great quality, picture quality is nice as well."
"Best picture quality at this price range,
I recommend purchase with Snapdeal, i am happy with this product."
"Excellent Performance for the very very competitive price, Thanks too snapdeal,
This product fulfill the need at this price good quality picture and sound."
"Superb build quality, Very well made, feels very premium and the aluminium finish slim Bezel adds a touch of class to the TV."
"The product doesn't have any flaw. Picture clarity is awesome Overall, it's an excellent buy at this price."
"I purchased this TV on the Snapdeal sale, The installation was done within 24 hours, Someone could have easily opened or taken the wall mount, Other than that no complaints."
"Very happy with this product..picture quality was osm..this is the best tv in this price range..delivery and installation was on time..thanku Snapdeal"
"5 stars for this price. I got for Rs 10865 using HSBC card."
"The product is good. Audio is good, 
A very good product, if you need a branded LED TV at this price range."
"Good works fine, have a trust in buying online,
Awesome working your staff and website thanks a lot"
"This TV looks good picture quality,sound and nice design ....it is amazing,The product is good. Audio is good, Video is really good. Snapdeal packing and delivery was really good and pleasing."
"It's beautiful.Thanks Snapdeal. working perfect.
Love the monitor. Viewing angles are great."
"Product quality is good. Picture quality is good as per my expectation"
"Great sound quality
Good quality pictures of HD channels
Average quality of SD channels
Get an HD connection for this TV...
I like it ."
"Happy with the product very much satisfied with the quality and price as well."
"Delivered At Time..And Product is Packaged Nicely ..Colour Is Adjustable & Display is Sharp Got it at a Lighting Deal...Worth the Money."
"The product is good.it was delivered in 3 days.it has considerable picture quality.thank you"
"Good Product at this price and also there is Activa brand. Picture and sound quality is good. I will recommend this product."
"Excellent picture quality. Good audio.Delivery super fast. Installation too quick. Too early to give consistency of performance."
"The quality is very good. Nice design, loud speakers, and the price group is very low."
"Wow! Great Deal and Quality for the Price, Don't rethink just buy now.
Above TV received good condition."
"Excellent product and actually maintained quality. Product has been installed in my home within in 4hrs from call registered in call center."
"best product for our valuable money. picture and sound clarity was great. hd channels are awesome..."
"PICTURE QUALITY IS VERY WELL.  SNAP DEAL DELIVERED BEFORE THE DELIVERY DATE AND ALSO PACKING IS VERY PERFECT."
"Completely satisfied. You can't find any difference by comparing one with any top branded.. worth for money."
"It is tha one of the Best product we purchased from snapdeal.
EXcellent LED TV at a very nominal price."
"That is clear and perfect screen to this led."
"This is very clear pictures in this led."
"This is good voice."
"That is perfect product and very nice sound to this led."
"Activa 32 let tv very nice good delivery snabdel thanks."
"The picture Quality is wonderful in HD,Very good tv at very reasonable price.
Worth for money,Fully satisfied."
"Very Nice TV and excellent service by ,Picture Clarity and Sound both are of Better Quality."
"very nice, fast delivery,Awesome quality... Superb product.
Delivered as promised . Picture quality is excellent ."
"Good value for money and trouble free performance,so far.
Product was great<U+200B> , picture quality and sound quality is very nice..."
"Great product at this price loved it
The quality is very good. Nice design, loud speakers, and the price group is very fast."
"Excellent picture quality. Good audio.Delivery super fast. Installation too quick.
True value for money. Features are very good and easy to use."
"Great product , excellent job from SD.
Little problem that , brightness, contrast sharpness are not functioning. Great clarity at this range  good sound, good picture quality . It may beat any branded TV in the market . I propose to everyone to buy....."
"Best buy in this prince. Excellent picture and sound quality.
Completely satisfied. You can't find any difference by comparing one with any top branded.. worth for money."
"Good value for money.
Picture quality is good.Sound is ok. Installation was quick.
Overall fully satisfied with product
This led make my family so happy firstly it's a great budget TV good picture quality .over all guyz don't think about it, just order."
"Tv is really good, I am watching all HD channels of Airtel, it is so beautiful to sit in my room and watch movies, am really happy thank you Activa."
"Excellent picture quality. Good audio.Delivery super fast. Installation too quick. Too early to give consistency of performance."
"I have purchased the product and found all features as mentioned on Website. Sound quality is very good and smooth. Also very much satisfied with picture quality and its light weight."
"Excellent result with hd connection. Best products always. TV is slim, neat and quality is superb. Picture quality is better than other TV. Sound is good. Remote control is okay.  Very competitive price.  Installation guys called me before TV was delivered in my city. So no complain about service I think. Very happy. Any cast working well with this for TV. It's smart for streaming."
"I really like it's picture & sound quality,
Best in class and value for money, Best TV , on time installation , best picture quality and good sound. Love it ...."
"Got delivered today. Product seems good. TV is working fine,Very nice TV at this price.
 The TV has a good picture quality, has a nice sound to it, and I am completely happy considering."
"good product,
Thanks Activa for this, quality is better than other , works well, sound is average, functions are normal, installation within 24 hrs.. 1 years warranty"
"working excellent... you can play even video easily in this tv.. it has vivid color display... Go for it... without having any doubt in mind that it is led tv whether it will wok properly or not...."
"Nice TV at this price also installation was very smooth,Very good television with good quality picture and audio. I trust Activa product long time.  snapdeal give it in low price. Thanks"
"1. Picture quality is clear
2. Sound quality is good.
3. HD support
4. Build quality is good.
5. service is good.
6. After sales service is good.
7. All ports are working fine and build quality is good."
"It is very good and i love this Activa HD TV,
Best performance and good choose to select this LED."
"Super quantity preacher for this price
Not suitable for any class 

But OK house"
"I have received order today. The led have bright display and have full HD features. The 2 HDMI, 2 USB , 3.5 mm output. I am satisfied with the TV and Snapdeal delivered on time. Really cant believe the full HD with 32 dispay I got it around Rs. 12300. Sound is slightly low but I dont have any issue as I have connected to external speaker. Recommend for all those who fall prey to branded tv and less than 2 year display problem occurs. Worth a try"
"Good product at this price,fast delivery by  snapdeal. Installation was very prompt. Satisfied completely till now."
"Very good picture quality with high brightness and sharpness. Maintains natural colors. Little improvement required to sound. Best product in this price range."
"Excellent product in an affordable price, picture quality is very good, sound quality is best, over all very good product, attached with sound bar \"superb\". thanks to activa."
"Good picture Quality. Sound Quality also good . With this budget you won't get better more than this.
Value for money. HD quality are nice....."
"SUPER LED TV BY ACTIVA. I AM REALLY SATISFIED WITH THE SERVICE OF SNAPDEAL.I RECOMMEND FOR THOSE IN NEED OF TV FOR THEIR HOUSE."
"The overall built quality is good and the audio/video output was as expected."
"It's been a month i am using this TV, picture quality and sound is really good,
Works perfectly. Recommended product."
"the product and packing is really good with very low price. sound and picture quality is really good. even mp4 formats can be played in this tv. the product comes with wall mount. amazing product with amazing price."
"Picture quality is good. HDMI & USB port are working fine. Sound quality is good in normal mode. I will recommend this product.. and finally thanks for snapdeal for on time delivery and also thank to ACTIVA services for installation and demo within a few hours !! Overall I am happy with product and service ."
".Amazing picture quality and sound . I extremely satisfied.No other company give build quality with clarity."
"Excellent product quality at this low price.would like to thank snapdeal for prompt delivery .
 My family members also appreciated it. It's a great value for money. I'd like to recommend this to all those who are looking for the best Led TV."
"Nicely delivered and on time.Picture and sound quality are both good. Very light weight and since activa is a very old and reliable brand, I don't have to say anything about its brand value."
"Nice product..
Worth of money and you will get inferior quality in much higher price by other big brand names..
Have gone through some research before purchasing this...
Completely satisfied and superb service by ACTIVA"
"Excellent picture and sound at this price point. One of the best purchases I made online. Thanks Activa"
"Satisfied with the product. Best quality product and powerful . Best at price."
"1) Superb Full HD IPS panel display. HD panel has great colour saturation and brightness.   This TV's display quality is no different from the ones you find on high priced HD displays in showrooms.
3) Nice design and overall looks, lightweight and low power consumption."
"Very happy. Prompt installation. Great TV for the price.
 It seems very good quality..amazing sound and picture quality."
"Great product for a great price..!! don't go for any other cheap brands , Its a great deal and the quality is super amazing."
"Great TV at a great price. Delivery was prompt and no issues so far."
"Bought Activa tv  and it delivered before given timeline.....nice service by snapdeal and Activa as well"
"On time perfect condition best price...
free installation.and that too within few days of order.
great job"
"product is good, picture and sound quality also good, i am happy with this product"
"Nice product, excellent picture and sound quality! ANice product, excellent picture and sound quality."
"Excellent Product quality along with best packaging. Also delivered the product earlier and made my festival more special."
"Product is very satisfactory. Almost delivered on time. Thanks snapdeal, 
very happy with the seller n with snapdeal for the  excellent packaging n delivery ."
"Only one word Good service buy product quality is Best .we can  say value for money."
"i Purchase Led First time in snap deal  deal its awesome and Perfect picture quality  and sound  its very nice led"
"The product was delivered on time and in perfect condition. Happy with the services"
"Words best service given by snap deal...awesome products...received in well time.
  very good performance ."
"its is good LED tv in affordable price.Quality is good.its tottaly a value for money."
"This was my good decision to buy this product. I checked the features preview so many times and I found huge difference than others. It's quality is also very good."
"I Purchase Led First time in snap deal, its awesome and Perfect picture quality  and sound  its very nice led"
"fine picture quality & Nice tv with low budget and high features, Excellent tv nice worming"
"product is good, picture and sound quality also good, i am happy with this product.
Thanks for snapdeal for Activa  & on time delivery."
"If you want a smart tv with all features that should be your choice..  Product quality is good."
"Happy to have bought this TV with great discount... Good to view ,
In HD audio wonderful and  TV works great,
Of course it's a budget Chinese TV."
"good picture quality

sound also good  looking also super"
