"x"
"1" "Does \"Godfather\" romanticize crime and criminals? Yes, it does. Take, for instance, the Godfather's name \"Corleone\" which translates as \"Lionhearted,\" suggesting that the heroes are to be compared to Richard the Lionhearted, legendary chivalrous hero of the Crusades and friend to Robin Hood. There can be no doubt that author Mario Puzo and director Francis Ford Coppola have made romantic idols of the Corleones, as the film gilds them with mystery, honor and gallantry. But of what Holy Crusade are the Corleones the leaders? Seemingly a war for survival against vicious enemies who would destroy their gang. But why should we care what happens to a bunch of evil criminals? \"Godfather\" is just as much interesting for what it fails to show the audience as what it does show. The film makers wrongly assume that the audience is sophisticated enough to infer the kind of lurid but educational scene that made such a great success of earlier gangster films, nitty gritty illustrations of the inside workings of organized crime: loan sharking, extortion and vice. \"Godfather\" for the most part ignores this subject matter, the everyday business of crime, in favor of what should be only the end part of its story: a war between gangs over control of the rackets. The drama is essentially without motivation. The movie is simply not interested in showing us much of the dirty business that is the reason for the war. That is because the heroes would seem much less chivalrous if their criminal enterprises were shown in any depth or with any real understanding. For most of its length, the movie plays as a revenge tragedy in which the gallant protagonists could be members of any great family (whether criminal or not) protecting their cherished honor.Why did the film makers deliberately sanitize the criminal aspect of the Corleone family? Are they apologists for crime? I think they are. One confidence game employed by the film makers, which is also familiar among the annals of organized crime leaders, is a variation on the trick called \"bait and switch.\" We expect a portrait of a ruthless and immoral criminal, instead we are made to believe in the essential moral rightness of Don Corleone when he condemns as a contemptible enemy the kind of criminal who trades in narcotics. In other words, we are lured into the theater with the promise of a true to life depiction of the actions of a bad guy, and then the film makers slyly pull a fast one and show us a good guy instead! (We are persuaded to ignore the fact that the Godfather is an extortionist and pimp <U+0096> even worse we are asked to believe that extortion and pimping are not so bad, especially if practiced by an honorable guy like Don Corleone, who, whatever his failings, is much too decent to trade in narcotics.) This jiggery pokery was so effective that around the time the movie and its sequel came out an ivy league educated friend of mine on his way to a brilliant career on Wall Street bitterly denounced a critic of \"Godfather\" for making the claim that Don Corleone was not entitled to be regarded as a great hero like President Franklin Delano Roosevelt, General Douglas MacArthur or Doctor Albert Schweitzer, who had received similarly adulatory treatment in film. My friend, having seen both Godfathers, was convinced that a Mafia leader might be just as honorable as the heroic portrait the movies presented.So, I feel some need on this occasion to remind the public of what the Mafia does, even when they allegedly refuse to get involved in narcotics sales. The Mafia is mainly in the business of Vice. It feeds off the weaknesses of a mass of little people who are corruptible, who are vulnerable to the appeal of easy sex, cheap thrills, quick money and quick fixes of their problems. These little people pay for their vices all their lives, much more than they can afford to pay, and end up ruined for the greater glory of the Mafia. Most racket crime is not glorious; it is petty and mean and easily committed by anyone who has less courage or daring than the average person. But it's easy to understand why the film makers left this out of the movie. It would be kind of absurd to call a scuzzy dirtbag by the name \"Lionheart.\""
"2" ""
"3" "
                "
"4" "I remember distinctly the first time I saw \"The Godfather\". I was a child and it was being shown on broadcast television.  Granted, neither of theses are optimal conditions for rendering an informed opinion but I remember being struck with how unremarkable- in fact how boring I found the film.  I was particularly surprised by this, as there had been a great fanfare over the broadcast. I chalked this up to my own immaturity and thought no more of it.The second time I saw the film was in college.  My friend had a brother who was quite a film enthusiast and he, like many others, counted \"The Godfather\" as the finest film.  One evening my friend and I watched the film.  The viewing once again left me unimpressed.  I feigned an enthusiasm for the film that I did not feel, as it seemed the popular, and even the intellectual expectation.  Once again I associated my dislike for the movie with a failing in myself. I apparently did not appreciate a \"good movie\" when I saw one.Since that time I have seen many films, from many directors, from many countries, in many languages, and with varying budgets from independent offerings to mainstream Hollywood fare.  I certainly do not consider myself to be an expert but feel myself to be an informed member of an audience. Armed with my experience I recently viewed \"The Godfather\" again to expunge my previous failures and to gleefully join the ranks of Godfather sycophants.  Well, I think you know the outcome.  As they say in baseball, three strikes and you're out.I find the film to be completely un-redeeming in every way.  I do not have space to address the film systematically or technically so I will speak to my central grievance- the story is hollow.  There is no moral center.I do not demand that a movie have morality.  I do not demand that a film even have a point.  I can take a film at its face value for what it is.  A slapstick comedy is foolish and an action flick is mindless, I do not ask that they be a different movie- only that they meet the narrow definition to which they aspire.  The problem is that \"The Godfather\" aspires to be a great drama and that aspiration comes with high expectations.Gratuitous violence is expected in big-budget action flicks, amorality can be understood in the quiet desperation of an independent film's philosophy, and self-indulgence is to be expected in the over-the-top musical extravaganza.  However, violence, amorality, and self-indulgence in a film that portrays itself as mainstream drama or even tragedy are reprehensible. This is not art- it is base voyeurism at its worst.  We are standing in the bailey at New Castle or at the Coliseum watching with leering stares at the baseness and depravity of man. This film is not a criticism of man's foul nature, as in the above referenced independent film; it is a celebration of it.  Anyone who claims otherwise deludes himself.Thus conceived I can appreciate `The Godfather' as a film oddity, a curious victory of the popularity of evil men.  But to say that it is a great film is scandalous, and to say that it is the greatest film is blasphemous.  To say that the highest achievement of man in film is a celebration of cruelty, deception, and greed is a statement that many should reconsider.I find it interesting that many of those who claim \"The Godfather\" as their favorite film, or the best film of all time can count their viewings of the film on one hand. In fact, I myself (who thinks unfavorably of the film) have given the film more attention then many of the \"fans\" I know.  A friend of mine who professes to like the film recently returned the box-set DVD \"Godfather\" collection that he received for Christmas.  As he put it, he loved the film but when was he ever going to watch it?  That is faint praise indeed for the \"greatest film of all time\".I am sure there are those who genuinely enjoy the film, but you could say that about any movie.  I would advise those who fawn over this film so to ask themselves if their enthusiasm comes from within or from a modern mythology. \"The Godfather\" is a paper tiger."
"5" "I continually fail to understand why The Godfather is hailed as \"The Greatest Movie of All Time\".  I've seen it twice--a second time just to make sure--and I have to tell you that I sat there in a stupor, bored out of my mind.  And I'm not a teenager raised on MTV; I'm in my 30s and am absolutely devoted to movies--I've seen as many classics (American & foreign) that I can get my hands on.  But, for me, The Godfather ranks alongside Singin' in the Rain as the most overrated films of all time. Singin' in the Rain, at least, I get (it's just my intense dislike for Donald O'Connor that makes me dislike this film).  But The Godfather?   It's just a bland epic about a bunch of moronic gangsters, with Marlon Brando giving a campy performance, and riddled with repulsive violence.  Give me a break.  The fact that this movie is so \"beloved\" has had the direct result that nowadays we got absurdly worse and worse films every year, created by clueless filmmakers."
"6" "I finally got a chance to see this movie. I tried to watch it with an open mind, without letting the hype dilute an even slight bit of impartiality - and I just can't say it's a very good movie. Perchance if soap opera was its own category, this may stand true to its title as \"#1\" on the IMDb.   It perplexes me how people can call this landmark moviemaking when they probably have not seen works from other directors - Kurosawa, Truffaut, Lang... - all of whom had a much better eye than Coppolla. Most of these greats are now forgotten, with the exceptions of occasional screenings at film schools where one discovers that the Contemporary filmmaking style overseas  (1950s and 1960s)  was duplicated by American directors in the 1970s.  So what was wrong with this movie? Nonexistent or loose plot: No suspense, climax, excitement, or outcome. I thought the acting/characters were forgettable. Any other actor could have pulled off what Brando did and the fact they went through all that trouble to make him 10 or 20 year older just proves they shot for name recognition.  There were only a few things that I remember in this 3 hours of triviality: the \"offer you can't refuse\" line, Don Vito collapsing in a garden while a child obliviously plays, Caan's Santino character getting holed up, and bullets consistently going into foreheads. Maybe the artful yet repellent depiction of gratuitous violence is what made this such a masterpiece. But style without substance does not a good movie make. For those who say \"oh, you just didn't get it, see it again\", please get your mind out of the gutter - stop basing your opinions on what you're conditioned to like. The Emperor's New Clothes, big time. End of review."
"7" "I follow recommendations on this site highly. I rented this movie and wanted my money back. Ever been to one of those parties with distant relatives where you don't know anyone there and just sit in the corner waiting for it to end?  If so, you've seen 90% of this movie. Throw in a few good scenes that happen so far apart, you forget the last one by the time you see the next one. Might be worth watching once just to say you have, but you'll probably never watch it again. Definitely not \"best movie ever material.\""
"8" "I saw this movie when it first came out in the movie theaters.  It was the first movie I seriously considered walking out of.  Up to that point in my life I had never fidgeted so much in a movie.  I blame the director - his pacing was so ponderous that the story seemed to go on and on and I could hardly wait for it to be over. The whole Godfather series is vastly overrated."
"9" "This movie is ridiculously overrated. It is merely a overly dramatized celluloid interpretation of life involved with the Italian Mafia. Yes, organized crime is a problem, but this movie is NOT all that amazing. There are entirely too many references to it in other movies, too many spoofs and too many quotes. It's a bad movie. Let it go. There is no real plot line and the bad accents were enough to give me a headache. This movie is mind numbingly boring. It feels as though I lose brain cells every time I am forced to watch this painfully shallow film. Most films following along a similar premise are horribly dull. Why does everyone rave about movies like this and Scarface? They are awful, overly exaggerated and generally badly constructed cinematic failures. A decent script and plot line were substituted for gratuitous blood, gore and explosions. A good movie starts with a good story and a good script, this lacks both. Every aspect of this movie was horribly boring. It does NOT deserve to be named \"The Best Movie of All Time.\""
"10" "I'm voting and commenting about this film just to bring it down from its pedestal and invite everyone to do the same. I have nothing against Italians, the Mafia or any of the principals, but best film ever? Never. It was an entertaining film, which displayed some rather ridiculous acting, in a gross piece of defamation perpetrated on the Italians. I have nothing again violence and gore... even sex, on screen when appropriate, but this is a ludicrous consensus your readership has reached and it must be corrected."
"11" "I'm not a fan of this type of movies, but since I like Al Pacino and I've heard so much about this so-called \"legendary\" Godfather, I decided to give it a try. I must say this is the most inexplicably overrated piece of trash I've ever seen. The characters are all ridiculous, unsympathetic and under developed, the story drags and lacks any real conflict and dynamics<U+0085> But the most disgusting aspect is the movie's intent to glorify a bunch of low-life criminals and turn them into larger-than-life figures, into some kind of royalty. This whole \"family\" tradition is just ludicrous. We're supposed to \"care\" about these characters, to think that they are \"cool\". The major problem here is that there's no real conflict. There's no redeeming value whatsoever, they're all despicable and one-dimensional, so why the hell would I care. The violence (which is particularly sickening) is another issue, but I guess audiences have come to appreciate it, and it's now a \"hallmark\" of the genre. Imagine, the Godfather's pregnant daughter gets beaten with a belt. But guess what: she's not likable either! She's hysterical, obnoxious and, even worse, she keeps defending her abusive husband. In another scene, James Caan beats the hell out of someone in front of children. Marvelous! That's just great, not to mention cool and \"culturally relevant\". Marlon Brando speaking with a husky voice and cotton in his mouth is incredibly ridiculous. Al Pacino as Michael Corleone suddenly turns, from a principled man who doesn't want to have anything to do with murder, into a ruthless criminal. What? This character has no depth, no consistency whatsoever. His relationships with women are so poorly portrayed, they add nothing to his development. It's Pacino's worst, I can't imagine why anyone would think this is a great performance. If you want to see a good gangster movie, go watch \"Donnie Brasco\" instead."
"12" "This movie continues to be praised, but when I rented it I only made it through 45 minutes before I stopped the video.  There aren't many movies that are so bad I don't watch the whole thing, but \"The Godfather\" is that bad.  I don't care how much other people may like it.  I still say it sucks,sucks,sucks,sucks,sucks,sucks,sucks..."
"13" "Let me just start by saying that I am 50% Italian. I have nothing against Mafia movies. In fact, I have nothing against ANY type of movie. But, to say that this is the best movie of all time is simply insane.
I saw absolutely nothing special. I kind of enjoyed the performances of Al Pacino, Marlon Brando, and James Caan... but besides that, there is not one really exceptional feature in sight. And the fact that it is one hour too long only brought down my enjoyment. It's not the worst film of all time... but not the best either."
"14" "Finally took the time to give myself a real treat and watch this film again after about 20 years as I remembered it as a supremely good film. I have watched many movies from all over the world during the years and have developed a keen eye for good film making, so wanted to review one of the \"greats\".After having watched it again, I have no choice but to face the fact that this film is indeed very poor film making and I have to admit that I feel embarrassed that I once actually considered this a good film!The biggest gripe I have with this film is the unbelievably poor and unconvincing acting, devoid of any emotional depth whatsoever. Everybody is sterile and no-one is worth caring even the least bit about.Secondly, almost every opportunity for character dynamics and development is missed. The only character that is developed is Michael Corleone's and even that character is changing from one extreme to the other, in an instant, with no transition whatsoever. The result is characters as mere moronic caricatures to the point of absurdity. A staggering waste of talent.To top it off, the storyline is thin and highly predictable, simply an unforgivable waste of potential.The organized crime genre of films have always fascinated me and continue to do so. With so many truly great films in this genre, don't waste your time on this one. The Godfather is one of the very worst."
"15" "This movie has to be THE MOST OVERRATED MOVIE OF ALL TIME. i don't understand why everyone raves about this movie. it's boring, the acting is shallow and weak, the whole premise is annoying, and i had to fight off sleep 3 times to finish this \"movie\". This movie has two layers. Boring, barely audible speech, and explosions. I didn't think it to be possible, but even the EXPLOSIONS were boring. Where does the fascination for this movie come from? Marlon Brando may have been a good early actor, but this \"i'll make him an offer he can't refuse\" old man voice is so irritating i almost threw the DVD out the window, however, the movie ended up numbing all my extremities so that it was impossible to move as i had no choice but to sit on in horror. I'm sorry i ever wasted my time on this piece of garbage. With a weak premise, ludicrous character designs, and a plot that could cure insomnia, Godfather sleeps with the fishes, with a 1 out of 10."
"16" "After hearing about this legendary film I decided it was about time I watched it....after about an hour I really wished I hadn't wasted the money renting it...after the movie finished I was bored.  The film was nothing like I had expected and I don't know how it possibly made it as big as it has.  It was quite well cast I love Diane Keaton but she's better in Woody Allen's comedy's than in this derivitive movie.  You want a good gangster movie...watch Goodfella's...it actually has a good story, entertaining characters & violence and paints a much more realistic picture of the mob world of the era.  I'm not even going to bother watching parts 2 or 3 of the godfather coz Marlon Brando ain't even in them so their ain't much point! I think I'll go watch Marlon Brando's greatest performance...Guy's N Doll's."
"17" "This film is long and dull. As a result of the first it is dull for very long periods, which is why this film warrants no more than a miserly 1/10. The acting is competent but no more and I must confess I lost my focus towards the end due to the quite shocking lack of entertainment that can be attributed to a poor script, lacklustre direction and a plot which leaves a lot to be desired. People say Godfather is rare in that its sequel improves upon it, but that isn't hard. Al Pacino gained a big reputation from this one and I am left bemused as to why, and this unfortunate idea has meant Pacino, a mediocre actor at best has been able to infiltrate our cinema screens on far too many occasions with a distinct lack of passion or charisma in any role he displays."
"18" "The story is disjointed, the acting is terrible (especially Corleone who sounds like he's got a stick up his ass), the film is too long, the wedding scene is almost perpetual, which makes me ask, how did this get a 9.2? I'm shocked to be honest, what an awful, awful movie this is and I don't say that a lot about movies since I tend to appreciate what they are and what they are trying to convey, but this? This is an embarrassment and has to go down as the most overrated movie of all time in my book. There's no good acting performances in the movie, no memorable lines, no excitement, nothing. I'm genuinely disgusted that this movie has such high accolades because to me, it's crap. Absolute crap.Brando's portrayal of Corleone has got to go down as one of the worst acting performances I've ever seen as well. The accent he uses is difficult to understand, the scene where he's shot in that assassination attempt is laughable as he over dramatizes the whole thing and his general acting performance and portrayal of Corleone, who is supposed to be a feared crime lord, is contrived and doesn't look believable. I'm honestly shocked that someone who is rated as one of the best actors who ever lived can perform this badly. This is the first film I've seen Brando in so I think it's unfair to judge his ability as an actor based on this poor performance, but my expectations will definitely be lowered when I watch another movie and see him as part of the cast."
"19" "I watched the DVD recently because everyone seems to be hyped about this 'greatest movie on earth'!! Well, I wouldn't waste your valuable time any further writing a lot here after wasting my good 3 hours watching so called God Father. I nearly died of boredom. Simply, this is one of the most boring, longest movies I have ever watched. And it is horrible! Is it a great story? No. Is it a great movie? NOT AT ALL!! It is just a welded work of so many boring, long celluloid pieces together. There is no stature, depth, matter or even an exciting plot. After all, Brando is a good actor but not that great in this one for sure. And I am still at a loss to understand why people give this rut 9.2!! It would of course be totally right just without the 9!"
"20" "For years my boyfriend has been insisting that I watch this film - finally I did - big mistake... My issues with this film are multiple ...The pacing of the film is just terrible it's soooooooo slow and yet at the same time rushes through many things leaving many questions unanswered.Character development is beyond terrible especially when it comes to Michael Who goes from nice guy who is nothing like his family to sociopath with no shades of grey in- between .The relationships are also poor - one minute Michael is in love with Kay the next minute he's in Sicily and, in what feels like 5 minutes, married to Apollonia, then about 5 minutes later she's dead and he's home and married to Kay before Apollonia corpse is even cold...Smaller issues include the fact that Michael seems to have a black eye for approximately a year - either that or he spent about a week abroad in which time he managed to get married. Also would have been nice to know what happened to Connie after getting beaten up by her husband - clearly she must have phoned Sonny I assume.... Did she lose the child ?... Or is that the child that Michael was godfather to - if so where did Michael's 4 year old son come from.... I guess I was asleep when that was explained or maybe I'd just lost the will to live. All in all I found the film slow boring and rife withe cardboard cut out characters....My tip avoid.... Especially if you watch with someone who loves the film...."
"21" "The movie was based on a very bad book with a horrible language and style. It's no secret that the movie is better than the book, but it doesn't make it good.The story that turns violent ruthless criminals into men of honor and the horrible world of crime into something beautiful and almost royal.It's unnecessarily violent and why did Brando put paper towel in his mouth? I mean I like him as an actor, but this character is absolutely ridiculous.I don't understand how anyone could give an Oscar for that film! It's just stupid!"
"22" "No.1 Movie of all time? I think that's what ruined it for me, I sat down expecting to watch the most spectacular cinematic experience of my life - but instead I ended up sitting rather bored for the good part of 3hours. Everything about it just lacked in moving me, the vengeance was untouched, parts of the story seemed to obvious and other parts just left untouched. Thoroughly this was the most disappointing film I've ever seen, not the worst, just the most disappointing. I'm not trying to change anyone's thoughts on the film or make out the film is bad - just in case anyone gets the impression. Thanks"
"23" "I honestly don't know what to say ... This has got to be the worst movie i've ever had the misfortune to watch and yet it's getting such good reviews. Why anyone would give it a rating above 5 is a mystery to me. Is almost everyone on IMDb just wannabe critics or is there actually something that i just missed while watching this? I found it a challenge just to get through the movie never mind enjoy it! My advice to anyone thinking of watching this - don't, it will only disappoint you. There is no real plot or storyline and the movie is very disengaging. Characters and events are boring to follow and personally I feel that there are plenty more movies more deserving of the credit this movie is given."
"24" "I'm glad there are a few voices of dissent within all of the gushinghype listed here.  Do the fans of this movie rate \"Citizen Kane\" asthe 2nd best film of all time?  Then maybe listen to the Beatles andElvis Presley  as the greatest music of all time?   Is America undersome kind of cultural mass-hypnosis?  Grossly overrated on all counts."
"25" "forced to sit through this <U+0448>it so many times by idiots extolling its virtues. i wish it was never made. I'm sick of mafia films and this dross started it all, moody, violent, miserable, and as intelligent as football and drinking. too many idiots today actually believe they are mafia because they sell some pot, or bought a dog that they beat until it turned nasty. grow up and bin this film. wooden acting throughout this title has set the bar for gangster films, and of course gangsters are not known for flair or intelligence when a beating or a bullet appears to cure all ills. the film is not a pleasure to watch, nor could i be less interested in the story of this mediocre family squabble. OK so this is my least favourite genre but it set that level. i urge anyone who hates this film to review it here and bring it down in the rankings to a reasonable 1-3 because the 10/10 that thousands of morons gave this is unreal."
"26" "The Godfather is crap...it's a long movie about nothing. I would rather die than watch that crap again...notice crap is written more than a few times? That's because, this is what this movie is...CRAP! The acting is bad, the sets are bad. Overall this is junk. How in the world it's number one on the top 250 is beyond me. You people must have nothing better to do than to watch a movie where people get killed off because they opened their mouths or voiced their thoughts. I can watch that on the news. I hate this movie so much that my roommates are watching it right now, and I have my CD player on as loud as it will go, because I hate this movie! So in closing...The Godfather, all of them, are crap!"
"27" "Long and boring and not worth writing two sentences. But since I have to, long and boring and not worth writing two sentences, long and boring and not worth writing two sentences, long and boring and not worth writing two sentences, I think you get my point!"
"28" "I read \"The Godfather\" novel, it was one of the best books that I have ever read. Not one minute in the story was I not entertained or interested. I was very excited to see how Frances Ford Coppola's collaboration with Mario Puzo, the author of the book, would translate this into a movie.When watching the movie I tried to put all of my memory of the book into the back of my head and try to enjoy the movie. But sadly the movie was just not entertaining as a movie by itself. Yes, the cast is one of the best ever assembled, Marlon Brando, Al Pacino, Robert Duval, etc.But all of the main events that should be entertaining, like the elimination of all the bosses in the end. Or the murder of Sunny Corleone at the toll both. But sadly they just bore you to the point were you want even Marlon Brando to die, which he later does. Even the performances from the actors themselves, especially Marlon Brando, leave much to be desired from these awesome actors.This is without a doubt the most overrated movie of all time. If you want to see the life of a mobster done right, see Scorcese's \"Casino\" and \"Goddfellas\". These do not only show the life of a mobster, but they are also entertaining with awesome acting from Robert De Niro and Joe Pesci every time.I give this movie 2/10, that's because Mario Puzo was involved."
"29" "After watching a lot of the movies on the IMDb top 250 list, I have to somewhat agree with where the movie is placed. I watched the #2 movie, Shawshank Redemption, at least five times and it was just awesome. Finally, I got The Godfather and expected a lot from it, seeing that it would have to be better than Shawshank Redemption. However, I could barely sit through half of The Godfather. Absolutely NOTHING happens. Yeah, so some guy gets shot. Then some people get angry. Wow.Anyway, I would have to grudgingly say that the acting is pretty good, but good acting doesn't make a movie worth seeing. As an old movie, I guess that the overall quality can't be too great. But, even with all that aside, this movie still lacks a good plot, and, maybe even more importantly, emotion. The Shawshank Redemption really made me sympathize with the characters, while this movie just made me go to sleep more quickly (it was that boring).I wouldn't recommend this movie to anyone."
"30" "Might be a lot of people's favourite but I can't gel with this picture. And I've tried!"
"31" "I just don't get it. Sure the acting in some parts of the movie is good, but honestly, the entire \"angry Italian\"-role is probably the easiest character to play. And i really don't get how every other character other then the \"angry Italian\" seems underdeveloped, plain boring and uninteresting. The only way for you to like this movie is by sympathize with the characters. And sympathizing with the bad guys (since almost every main character is a murderer and a mob member, even the protagonist is a bad guy)is difficult, although not impossible. If the director makes the evil sides of those characters redeemable, then it would be a lot easier for the viewer to sympathize and worry about the protagonist if he/she was in danger. When i however see Michael Corleone in danger in this movie, every time i wish for him to be killed, for i feel nothing for him. Which means that watching this movie was a waste of time. Although the soundtrack is quite good so instead of a rating of \"1\" The Godfather will receive a \"2\" out of generosity..."
"32" "If you aren't a thug lover... if you don't drool over less than smart bad guys somehow getting ahead... if you don't really like spectacle just for spectacle sake... then this movie may not be for you. To me, it just epitomizes the big dumb knock people over the head with a club, speak like you dropped out of school in fourth grade sort of guy movie. I'm a guy. I like guy movies, but I don't like this one.Brando I like pretty well. Pacino too. Hell, probably half the cast I am very fond of. Why can't I like this movie? I don't know, but it has just never made me feel anything but annoyance and boredom. The problem is people over-hype it and make me want to try to like it. Every time I try to watch it, it's the same thing though.So sorry, this movie just isn't great."
"33" "This movie is the definition of overrated, it is incredibly slow moving, half of the movie is dark. very bored after 30 minutes of watching. incredibly overrated."
"34" "I've got a masters in Criminology, and have studied filmography, and I just don't get it.  This isn't a great movie.  The only thing that could make it a classic is the quality of the actors that were hired - and while the actors themselves can and have made quality movies, this one just doesn't do it for me.  Brando didn't impress me in the least in this movie.And as for the portrayal of organized crime - nothing personal, but if you find it attractive to honor men who not just break the law but flout the laws of civilization, then more power to you.  Crime and criminals aren't glamorous - they're a sore on the backside of humanity that should be expunged."
"35" "I find it troubling that this is apparently a popular movie. The characters are all bad people - immoral, completely lost. Are we supposed to like them? I'm shaking my head thinking about it. It's also pretty slow. Lots of slow, quiet talk punctuated by random violence. If this is your sort of thing, well . . seek help. At least it's not propaganda like a Disney movie, or most Hollywood movies today for that matter."
"36" "This movie was probably relevant in the 70s and may have been a benchmark at the time it was made. Watching it in 2006, I can see how it added to the movie landscape and that effect that it had on subsequent film making.Some of the film is amazing, but mostly it goes on and on. It is very long, with some of the scenes taking an age, without really adding to the atmosphere or the point. These are not impressive pauses, silences, looks, stares, or useful dwelling time, simply editing that never happened.This film is worth seeing as a history lesson in film, to get an understanding of the development of the genre, but anybody who has seen goodfellas, casino, or any other mob flick is unlikely to find the moral tale worth the journey."
"37" "I saw this movie years ago, and I loved it. It was my favourite movie. This morning, I watched it again, and began to pick it apart.This movie is first and foremost overlong. Unnecessary dialogue and scenes weaken the raw effect that could have been produced. The musical sequence after Pacino does his restauant thing is unlike any other in the movie, it doesn't fit in. The part of the movie detailing Pacino's stay in Italy is poorly done, and also doesn't fit in.Some of the performances are dull, such as Keaton's, Lettieri, and Conti. Yes, I do believe Brando's part is badly written. I know I will be hated for saying this, but the character constantly changes, and his dialogue is never consistent. Brando does his best, and I don't think anyone could have done better, but it was still not a great part. The only outstanding performances were those of Caan and Pacino. Caan's acting is raw and Pacino is right on target.Besides the main theme, music is weak and unfitting. As I have said, some of the scenes don't fit, and the music score doesn't help any. At one moment, the movie is a gritty masterpiece, and  at another a cheesy, cliched piece of film, going back to the traditional style of film, ruining the film's effect. Had the movie cut all the silly dialogue, not to mention the sans-dialogue scenes that aren't even poetic, which a dialogueless scene should be, the effect might  be better.Also, to throw some more mud, the romance between Keaton and Pacino is awful, and no chemistry is arisen.A disappointment, but not to be missed. I recommend a single viewing. One more thing, this film certainly doesn't deserve to be the best ever, it shouldn't even be in the top one hundred, but it doesn't deserve a \"1\" rating, I only give it that because I want the average rating to go down."
"38" "This film leaves one big question behind: Why the hell is it rated no.1 in IMDb?? There is no basic storyline, sometimes some people are being murdered but nobody knows why, you can't even say if the acting is good or bad because they run around with hats and sad faces all the time. From the beginning you simply sit there, waiting for some kind of message or at least some sense - and then after a much too long time the film is over. Why did they kill Don's friend? Why did they try to kill Don? Why did their enemies know that his son was driving to the husband of his sister? Where from did they know the one of the sons was in Italy? Why do they kill all the time at all? And where is the police I was wondering all the film. Lots and lots of murders, no police. Hm. It's nothing more than a bad 70's Mafia-trash-film."
"39" "I don't see what all the fuss is about surrounding this movie.  It is long, slow and boring.  I'm partial to the odd gangster movie (yeah, I know, this isn't a gangster movie it's a 'family' movie...*yawn*) but have seen far better than this (Carlito's Way, Mean Streets, Scarface to name a few).Judging by the comments left on IMDB people say this movie is great due to the acting, the cinematography, the direction etc....what about the plot? The characters?  Isn't that what makes a good movie?  Or are the people who so verbosely extol the virtues of The Godfather all film/media students studying it for their coursework?  Do people say this is a great movie because that's what they hear everyone else say?The Godfather is not a good movie and the emperor is well and truly naked."
"40" "The fact this movie is consistently called the best movie of all time absolutely baffles me. This isn't even remotely one of my favorite movies, in fact its one of the worst I've seen. Its 3 hours long, which is far too long, it's beyond boring and the story, or what little story there is makes no sense. I did not understand why anything happened throughout the whole movie, each death just happened for seemingly no reason out of the blue. Some of the actors mumble so much they are impossible to understand or speak in Italian without subtitles, which doesn't help in following along with what's happening. This movie does not deserve the extreme high praise it has received, not by a long shot. Its single redeeming factor to me is the excellent cinematography for its time, I'll give it that."
"41" "let's give it a good estimationentertainment: it's been said many times that the acting is stupid , including Brando's character just mumbling and Pacino's character just ,well, staring.. truly over-hyped junkie so called acting.the script is bad , it's like a Mexican soap drama. the dialog is below the standard of those Indian cheese. the production value is fair though , shot in Sicily. it seems the producer is not interested in faking locations. overall rating 3/15social/life message: the isn't a particular deep movie. isn't anywhere better than any eurocrime pic. the message is banal: criminals have souls.- rating 0/10politically objectionable things : nothing big really, as I said the director/writer seems to be obsessed with organized crime, he hardly delivers any political or historical material. rating is high 3/5overall rating: two out of ten"
"42" "Godfather has a epic soundtrack. I am sure that someone who has a little knowledge about movies, is privy to this OST. It is a masterpiece for sure.The first time I watched this movie I had a 2 CD version of it. The second CD was broken/scratched and I really was so bored that I did not consider to watch this part on stream. I don't know why this movie is so high rated even if my father likes this movies.I do not blame anyone for watching this series of Godfather but those who watched it, cannot tell why they like this movies either. By the way I have watched every film starring Al Pacino and these are the only I could not finish at all! It has a very long, uninteresting and well known story which has a high budged. If you don't believe me, ask your friends who watched it. You will see what I am trying to tell because they only will tell you: \"Well.. it is.. just watch it! It's a great movie\"."
"43" "The Godfather is probably the most overrated movies of all time. I don't see why everyone gives this movie such a high rating. The movie sucks. The movie is just so darn boring and the only reason I kept watching it was because I kept wanting it to get better. I know a movie is not all about action, but come on, who wants to watch a movie that is just all talk and no action. Look at Scarface and The Untouchables, those were good Mafia movies. They both had a great storyline, great acting, and had at least some action. The Godfather is just way to boring and I don't get why it is number on the all time list. Some reviews that didn't like this movie have said many people like this movie because its about the Mafia and its influence. Those people who have said that are absolutely right. The only reason I don't give this movie a 1 is because Marlon Brando and Al Pacino's performances were pretty darn good, but the story itself which carry's the movie is just so darn boring and this is without a doubt the most overrated movie ever. I'll stick to the Star Wars Saga instead of the Godfather Trilogy."
"44" "Simply put, this is a very poor movie.  The acting was substandard... Marlon Brando stuffs his cheeks, giving himself a speech impediment which is almost unavoidable and does not make for an amazing performance, and Al Pacino walks around with a blank, emotionless face throughout the entire movie (which is the point at some times, but not the whole time).  Diane Keaton also plays easily one of the most annoying roles I have ever seen in a film. Every scene in this film drags on and on and on, making it very possible to summarize the whole thing without leaving out details in around thirty seconds.  The closest explanation I've gotten from anyone I've talked with in person about why this film is so great to them is because \"it's the Godfather.\"A movie that puts you to sleep and is not exciting or interesting does not belong as the greatest movie of all time to me."
"45" "I recently saw the godfather again, 34 times I think. Now, never was a Brando fan, can't stand mob movies, so why should I like this one? Simply, because everyone else does. Its not that the acting's bad (except for brando) its not that its a mob movie, OK, it is that it is a mob movie. I mean seriously, pick a better topic! Not a realistic view of the mob. The mob did things quietly never have I heard in history of a mobsters getting gunned down in his car by many bullets. Oh, and another thing, if this movie is supposed to be realistic, why did the gas can blow up when the shot the car?Only see this movie if you love mob movies and love brando"
"46" "The Godfather is an engaging and compelling story to say the least, but as a movie- so what?  Just because something makes for a great story or play doesn't mean it can automatically translate onto the big screen.  There has to be some point of making it into a movie, and quite frankly, The Godfather works just as effectively as a book.  The characters, the dialogue, the plot twists- yeah, they're all okay, but where are the shots, the angles, the editing techniques, the sound effects that make this into a number one film???  The conventions of film are all used pretty simply according to the Hollywood format- ie, make the camera invisible.  There are few scenes anywhere in The Godfather Trilogy that stand out in the history of cinema. If you want an entertaining movie, you will certainly like the Godfather. But you may just as well read the book (unless, like so many today, you haven't the time).  But if you want a film that stretches the genre or that will blow you away with an element OTHER than storyline and dialogue, you can do a lot better."
"47" "A good job I saw it when it was originally released in the cinema.Because it has never been worth watching since. I usually lose interest after the first party sequence.At the time this was a groundbreaking film, with an excellent performance from Marlon Brando, it's easy to see why they paid him his astronomical fee despite his short time on screen, and it could well have been a momentous flop without him.But this film definitely does not stand the test of time, unlike say 'Goodfellas' 'African Queen' Spartacus etc, very few films do. How it got to number one is beyond comprehension, a very minor classic at best, which has since been done to death by the even more inferior clones, nowadays all very dreary and boring. 'Lawrence of Arabia' now there's a film really worthy of the number 1 spot."
"48" "Three words to describe this film... BAD BAD BAD...  Not worth five minutes of your time...  Goodfellas and Casino are lightyears better. Ok, maybe that is a little harsh, but seriously, this is not one of the top 250 movies of all time... it does have some merit, so maybe overall it deserves a 5.0/10 ... but, given that this movie is lacking in so many other areas, I have no choice but to award it a 1.0/10.0"
"49" "Violence, Emotions, Violence.
Nothing than celebration of the pure violence motivated by pseudo social reasons.
No thanks.
htpp://adrianalecu.us"
"50" "I tried to watch this film a couple of years ago... since it is so hyped, and I'd never seen it before, I thought it would be worth seeing.I was wrong.Seriously, I found it hard to stay awake during the film - and eventually had to give up just over halfway through, and find something more interesting to do. This is a shame, because quite possibly it might have got more interesting towards the end - but it did not retain my interest for long enough. I did see the infamous scene with the horse's head, expecting it to be some cinematic masterpiece, but... no, even that was an anticlimax."
"51" "I watched it once (in jail) to see what all the fuss is about. Boring. I would not watch it again. Its appeal confuses me and I like most popular movies."
"52" "Seem pretty boring for me want my type, plus its an old movie"
"53" "The day before yesterday I decided that I should watch The Godfather since it's pretty much a movie that one would have to see during his lifetime, but I was very disappointed. I thought that it would be a great movie with a plot that would be interesting, characters that I could relate to and give me some form of entertainment during the course of the movie, but boy was I wrong.I was pretty much bored from the start to the end of the movie and the only reason why I kept watching was because I thought to myself \"This is a movie everyone must have seen during their lifetime\". It even took me two days to watch it because I was so bored that I paused the movie and went to bed and continued to watch it the day after and was still just as bored.The acting was okay at best and I felt that the actors could have done better but failed to do so, and the director failed to even get me interested in the characters. When some of the characters die I didn't care one bit, not once did I care. They could have killed everyone in the movie and I wouldn't care at all because I could not relate to anything of the characters persona.Due to the lack of character-interest I didn't get interested in the plot at all and it felt like I was dragged through the whole movie with a barbwire around my neck.Today I plan to get dragged once more when I'm going to watch The Godfather 2 and if it's anything like the first one it's going to be a horrible experience."
"54" "1.- Pouring alcohol into an injury. 2.- Counting the number of books available in a big library. 3.- Reading all those books. 4.- Watching the Weather Channel for 5 hours. 5.- Looking for a needle in a haystack. 6.- Counting the hays in the haystack. 7.- Sharpening 10,000 pencils in a row. 8.- Seeing a tortoise walk a distance of about let´s say, a million miles.You get the idea, don´t you? This movie was so sloooooooooow, and the story just draaaaaaaaaaaags on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on. It was a torture, and at the end, I wondered: WHAT WAS THE POINT OF THIS MESS OF A MOVIE? It seemed like it was also going to tell us the story of Michael's sons, grandsons, great grandsons,  great great grandsons, and well.... it just seemed endless. ENDLESS. I wondered why IMDb users praise it so much if every single person that I know despises this movie. It's beyond dull. At the end, somehow Michael got rid of ALL of his enemies, in 2 minutes? Just that simple? He should have made that before, and he would have kept me from suffering this dreck. After watching this, I never want to watch one of those called \"classics\" (like Citizen Kane, Casablanca, Schindler´s list, Gone with the Wind, etc.) because it seems to ba a rule that a movie can´t be artistic and entertaining. Few movies combine those things. Those are the true classics. One example? Pulp Fiction. That movie is perfect in every possible way.I'll rate this movie a 3. I don't give it a one just because Marlon Brando was great. By the way, Al Pacino sucked in this movie. He couldn't have been more inexpressive."
"55" "I am glad to see that I am not the only one that just does not 'get' this movie. It is spoken of almost religiously,and it seems that if you dare ask 'why?',your sanity is questioned. Maybe people are overwhelmed by the big-name cast,and have been told so many times what a great movie this is, for so long, and are afraid to say different. All I know is that I heard and read endless,over-the-top praise for this movie for years and years. I managed to avoid seeing it until well over a decade after it was released. What a disappointment. I could not believe I was watching the same movie that I had heard so,so much about. I was absolutely astonished with how boring it was. I could not believe how disjointed it was. I could not believe the praise that Marlon Brando was given for such a weak,lackluster performance- it is goofy beyond parody.
As the film rambled and shambled along,I began to wonder if I was the victim of some sort of obscure joke-this crummy film could NOT be the same movie I had heard so much about. Unfortunately,somehow,
the universally-praised movie and this boring and bloated bomb I was seeing turned out to be one and the same.
Watch it on a rainy day and decide for yourself if this movie is worthy of all the hype."
"56" "OK, I see that the movie has many naysayers. I was one of them when I saw the film in 1972, and I was only fifteen at the time. I could go on and on about the film's myriad failures. It is contrived, self-important, at times even poorly staged. Which brings me to my point. A lot of people seem to forget that Coppola did not win Best Director-- Bob Fosse (for \"Cabaret') did, and deservedly so. He did a much better job. That is one of the eight Oscars that \"Cabaret\" won.The other seven just happen to be Art Direction, Cinematography, Sound, Editing,Original Score, Best Supporting Actor, and Best Actress. So when the time came to open the envelope and announce Best Picture, the Award goes instead to a film that, by that point, had won only two statues (for Actor and Adapted Screenplay). How does any movie win eight Academy Awards and fail to grab Best Picture? With that in mind, \"The Godfather\" is not merely arrogant film-making. Its history and legacy,both--just like its protagonists-- are just downright larcenous."
"57" "Overrated movie. not even in my top 1000 movie. I feelt so sleeping while watchin it and felt that I just wasted two hours watching it and decided to stop"
"58" "I saw Godfather when it came out. I don't remember the movie but I remember going out to the lobby 2-3 times to get away from it and take a break. It was soooooooooooooo boring. It was like it was in slow motion or something and I just didn't care about anyone or anything including the plot.I recall hearing that Brando stuffed cotton balls in his cheeks to get that effect and I couldn't not think about it during the movie. It looks like a lot of movie was spent on this movie to create the look of a certain era but so what.I could see people's lips moving and hear people talking but the dialog might as well have been entirely in Italian as I had trouble paying attention. My mind would wander and I really didn't follow the plot or care. For some reason, the dialog seemed trapped in the movie itself as though I was watching it through a window that was muffling the sound a bit. Weird.Many people may think this is the best movie ever but many people also thought the earth was flat in 1491. When it comes to movies, it only matters to me what I think."
"59" "I don't typically like gangster mob films. I tried this film because I thought it would be a good film to see as a student studying film. I didn't like it and I guess I should have known I wouldn't. Cheers to those who do."
"60" "One of the most boring movies I have ever watched. All these good reviews they must have watched a different movie than I did. Just a bunch of crap and talking which you can hardly understand cuz one guy talks with his mouth full the whole movie and then a lot of Italian. Just a really suckkkky movie."
"61" "I don't know why everybody who loves this film loves it so much. Maybe the fact everybody hyped it up meant i was never going to fully enjoy this but to be honest, it seemed slow and confusing and i struggled to keep my concentration. Constantly, i found myself drifting off and daydreaming. I would have stopped watching but i had a Uni assignment on it.It has some great scenes but everybody has seen them before anyway. The acting is good but I thought Al Pacino has been better in other things.Also, it was hard to make out, the characters speak so quietly it just turns into background noise.It's not the worst film I've ever seen, no way. but it certainly isn't in the top 10, not even close.The game is better, you get all the good scenes without the fairly dull bits in between."
"62" "This movie is strong, good script, great casting, excellent acting, and over the top directing. It is hard to fine a movie done this well, it is 29 years old and has aged well. Even if the viewer does not like mafia type of movies, he or she will watch the entire film, the audiences is glued to what will happen next as the film progresses. Its about, family, loyalty, greed, relationships, and real life. This is a great mix, and the artistic style make the film memorable."
"63" "I watched this film because it had a high user rating. I don't get why people find it a good film. For me, it was just a film about people, a family, killing other people. I couldn't take much more away from it than that, sorry. Shawshank is a much better film in every respect. The Godfather is long and drawn out and although it is one of the better gangster films, I would have to say that it is not one that I will watch again. Please let there be someone that agrees with me. From the reviews that I have read there doesn't seem to be a good reason to suggest why this film is voted number one, something that really puzzles me. There are no twists, little to think about, and the film hardly makes you feeling better at the end of it, does it? I've seen much better films than the Godfather although I'm sure, as I seem to be going against popular opinion, I will get heavily criticized for these comments."
"64" "This is a movie for people who want to watch fat guys eat pasta.\"The Godfather\" confuses sentiment with emotion and nostalgia with authenticity. Like \"Goodfellas\", it tries to capture something deep and meaningful about loyalty, family, and honor, but in the end manages only to convey that food plays an important role in Italian culture. Brando's portrayal of Corleone becomes farcical as his brooding look tips over into a vacant stare.In all fairness this is not an altogether bad movie, but it pales in comparison to the novel by Mario Puzo and deserves to be taken down a notch.Watch this for the costumes."
"65" "I noticed that this was the best rated film in this place a couple of months ago, so naturally, I decided to give it at shot. But I just don't get what attracts you folks to it?The character-draving is pretty weak, and you don't really get to go inside the heads of the gangsters. The pictures are pretty ordinary and the whole storyline is... well... boring.I mean no disrespect or anything, but maybe this is to old folks, what the first King Kong film was to my great granfather... Maybe I'm just part of a next generation... Or maybe.. A next step in the evolution. A superman! A mastermind! Maybe I'm going to be king of the hill! Top of the heap! Maybe I need to find some sleep.Sorry. This one did nothing for me, but if you're high on gangsters, this is definitly the one for you.6/10.I'd love to hear from you folks that thinks this is Gods gift to movies."
"66" "Even though I gave this film a three star rating (pretty high for me), I consider it one of the more overrated ever. Reviewers from some newspapers and magazines gave it strong advanced notices, and that got the ball rolling before other media and the public saw it. Plus it had almost an all-star cast headed by Brando, often considered the king of American actors of his generation. Granted Pacino and some of the others were young but most of the cast had some reputation going in.I know Coppola had not directed much if any but was known as a good writer, especially from \"Patton.\" My gripe with the movie is it is basically an overblown melodrama with a lot of hype and gloss. The cinematography is good but not great. The acting: while a few minor people are good, Brando is terrible, mumbling more than ever with those cotton balls or whatever in his cheeks. Why did he think he had to play it this way? James Caan gives the best performance. And the flick is hackneyed, an old-time gangster one, full of violence and anger and crudeness. It is not film noir. They took the crime genre and Hollywooded it up, trying to make something grandiose. Two gangs pitted against each other, using gages and fifty caliber submachine guns. So what else is new? \"Little Caesar\" was better."
"67" "What a boring movie.How can such a movie be rated that high?
Will always be a secret to me."
"68" "I'm not really the target audience for The Godfather franchise, but I did go into the movies with an open mind. After all, I love heavily dramatic, soapy stories, I recognize the quality of the cast, and my mother's side of the family comes from Sicily. With all those elements in place, why wouldn't I like a movie about the importance of family, Italian heritage, and loyalty?I'm not a fan of violence, but ironically, the version of The Godfather that I saw had been edited for appropriate television audiences. Much of the blood and violence was cut out, the swear words were muffled, and the sex scenes were deleted. The movie was only an hour long-just kidding! I don't know how or why this movie became so legendary, since to me, it felt like a B-picture starring a bloated, tired, low-energy Marlon Brando. This felt like a typical '70s movie, or an '80s television movie, with cheap production values and a has-been lead. I'll never, never understand why Marlon Brando was cast as the title role, and why, after his performance was seen during rehearsals, he wasn't replaced by someone else. Why wasn't Anthony Quinn cast? Marlon Brando must have patterned his famous, never-endingly mimicked accent after a relative or family friend, but among my Sicilian family line, and meeting people during my trips to Italy, no one has sounded even remotely like the cotton-mouthed, whispering, jaw-jutting \"Italian\" accent.I doubt I'm the only person in the world who doesn't like The Godfather or its sequels, but those of us who aren't fans are certainly quiet. If you haven't seen it yet, I'm sure you'll want to at least try it out, since there are so many famous moments to the first movie. There's the offer, the cannoli, the bag of fruit, the car bomb, the fishing trip, and of course, the horse's head. Marlon Brando scratches his jowls, James Caan is a royal jerk, and Al Pacino explains the difference between personal and business. But most importantly, there's tons of self-importance and an almost tongue-in-cheek seriousness that begs the question, why were there two sequels?Kiddy Warning: Obviously, you have control over your own children. However, due to violence, I wouldn't let my kids watch it."
"69" "Maybe it is simply because I am not from the generation of when this movie came out back in '72, but my god this was a bore.The acting, the script, and even the set of the movie I found to be quite great, as a matter of fact.Aside from that, all I got from this movie was a group of men ramble on and on and on about whatever. This movie did not keep me interested at all. The wedding scene was way too long, there is not much of a build up to anything for the most part. It is as if I am watching family members have conversation, and that's it. The ending scenes I found to be exciting, but at that point I was already tuned out of the movie, and found myself playing temple run just to pass the time. I literally would glance back and forth at the clock just to see how much time this movie took up from my life.So yeah, this movie was a giant bore-fest for me, giving me little to no motivation to watch Part II and Part III."
"70" "If you want to see the quintessential american crime film?  Goodfellas. The Godfather is romanticized garbage in comparison.  Take a look at Coppolas' interviews about the godfather.  It is not a film he was passionate about doing, nor is he proud of the mafia legacy and he was a little bit insulted the studio thought he would do a good job just because he was Italian. Coppola purposely turned the story into a universal tale of a king and his family to avoid the broken, bloody and undressed view of the \"earners\" on the street.  He didnt want to focus on this, because of his aforementioned lack of pride.  He turned the mafia into a fairy-tale.Scorcese created goodfellas with passion and respect.  The line between good and evil was blurred, as it is in real life.  The good stories of the mafia dont come from the \"Don\".  They come from the \"earners\".  The guys in the trenches.  They are what keeps the wheel turning."
"71" "I waste money on no good film. I write now because I mad. All talking, no thing else, very boring. I like alien vs. hunter better. Yay! h o r ah beer i like to movie it movie it dance dance fill up ten lines biggie Boigie i mean gouged gaodiadfhashjja Hadria dads fiadfiadfashda dihadfiashd Faustina fatfhadbfg5adhjahjasdf ad ark EKG ajfhjaksd kjasdhfjash fated d1 ah2ada d3fadjash dfj4hasdj fa5fhuasdfh6asd fkjas7dhf asdjkf8h jakdhjk9ah DJ hasd0 hadfhkadjakj1ad2adhjha3fhkjadkja d4kjasdjfhsadjf hjs5kdf hake dfh6k dh7jdfkjafhjkafh9jkdfhd45, sorry you no understand my language. I said godfather no good. Just kidding, I found the direction rather stunningly insightful, portraying each character within his own serene yet revealing perspective. A winner! I still mad."
"72" "I watched this film last night because I heard Kanye West once said that it was an all time classic. Now I do respect the rapper and producer's opinion but I beg to differ.Firstly I found it quite boring, it just doesn't have the action packed pace of some of my personal favourite movies such as Weekend at Bernie's 2, Teen Wolf, or Kickboxer 3 : The Art of War.The acting wasn't great either. I know Pacino and Brando are decent actors but compared to performances such as Judd Nelson in The Breakfast Club or Rodney Dangerfield in Caddyshack, it's seriously under par. It's easy to play a moody gangster but could you imagine Al Pacino playing Ross Geller in Friends? Me neither. The guy has no versatility.One more thing is the music wasn't too hot either. Just classical nonsense all the way through. By my calculations, The Godfather would be 37% better if there was a tad more Genesis, maybe \"Invisible Touch\" playing over the restaurant shooting scene.3/10. Cheers."
"73" "The movie is too long and almost put me asleep. Even though,great acting by Al. The story is not unique and not interesting. I know it's popular to love the movie as a classic piece, but i didn't like it so much."
"74" "honestly one of the most boring movies I've ever seen! i would've enjoyed it more if it was shorter. i really don't get how its one of the most talked about movies of all time. i rated it 5 after watching but i'm giving it a 3 now. and i'm pretty sure i'm never gonna complete the second and third films."
"75" "well, i worked in a video store for five years and for five years everyone nagged me to see 'the godfather' and for whatever reason it simply never interested me. i love films but wouldn't consider myself a pedant who nitpicks about minor details. a film doesn't have to be entirely perfect for me to enjoy it or feel that it was worthwhile to watch. i like to get lost in a film when i watch it. be it a quick comedy or an epic saga. there are films that have plenty of continuity errors and even bits of really bad acting, and i've watched them several times, because it's a satisfying experience. well, i finally watched the godfather tonight. i finally felt ready to watch it without bias and without towing all the talk and hype behind it into the experience (well, i did the best i could to start with a clean slate, but couldn't always succeed. for example, i'm sure the horse head in the bed at the beginning would have been more shocking and effective if i hadn't heard that scene referenced thousands of times). overall, i have to say that i really wasn't very impressed, and, even before i remembered that it was, in fact, based on a book, i was left with that empty sensation of too much missing information and imbalance of characters that sadly happens with too many adaptations. also -- and as i said, i don't deliberately go seeking out errors, especially during a first viewing, but... -- the editing in so many parts was really bad enough to take away from the movie experience. it was difficult to pay attention to the dialogue because the cut-to's during some of the conversations were so blatantly recorded at different times that i forgot about my own involvement in the film and instead had to sit through these confusing cuts. likewise with the 40's atmosphere. i'll bring 'the hype' into the argument for a moment here to comment only in retrospection, but for all the talk of how classic and what a masterpiece this film is, i would have thought it to be more... i don't know... scrutinised? and there were just too many times when i would find myself involved in a scene, drawn in, convinced, fully attentive, and then there would be a completely random cut, even dialogue cut in mid-sentence when fading to the next scene. so strange. parts gave me the impression of watching a well-financed, well-meaning rough draft. all that said, some of the acting, not all, but some, was in fact, first rate. Marlon Brando really didn't convince me. he was good. but nothing special, i'm almost sorry to say. the wife (i forget her name) who was married at the beginning, she always seemed really out of place and ... i can't quite put my finger on it, but her fits just didn't flow with the film. i thought James Caan did a great job. i've only ever seen him in 'thief' and 'bottle rocket,' so i can't really make any worthy comparisons with other performances. but his hot-headedness was convincing enough. Robert Duvall was great. i didn't recognise him for almost the first half of the film. another acting gem for me was Al Pacino. he, too, i didn't recognise at the beginning of the film. for a few moments i mistook him for Adrian Brody, even though i knew that was impossible. but i was immediately drawn in by \"Michael's\" performance. every gesture and every word was electric. it took me about twenty minutes to realise that i was watching Al Pacino. then, furthermore, i was really impressed by the evolution of his character. that's one thing i think they really nailed solid with this film, from Pacino's acting to the storyline and editing and everything all rolled into one. i came away entirely convinced and ruminating on the life and thoughts of this character. i watched and admired the power he carried in his manner even when he was, in the beginning, insofar as the bloody family business was concerned, innocent. then saw that power unfold and transform itself until, in the end, he was finally consumed by the corruption inherent in the prioritisation of his blood-family's honour. however, apart from this character and a few other performances, there really wasn't enough \"meat\" to this movie to make me want to see it again. i'm curious about the sequel(s), to see where the story goes. but by the end of this first viewing i was mostly just wondering who was going to die next, and i didn't really care. i was plenty intrigued by Michael, but i felt like i was mostly sticking around to see who would be left standing by the time the credits rolled. maybe the whole mafia style depiction thing just isn't enough for me to be able to sympathise or feel anything when the next trench coat gets strangled or shot or stabbed. so, overall, there were indeed a very few classic moments, and some of the acting was really well performed. but on the whole it just didn't chalk up to much for me, least of all a masterpiece."
"76" "After all the hype people have given this movie and the fact it won Best Picture confuses me.Most of it was just people sitting around talking. There were some good actiony scenes but they are few and far between, aside from Sonny's sister flipping her lid and smashing up the house, followed by the famous tollbooth scene a few minutes later.Speaking of the house-smashing scene, it's meant to be dramatic but I burst out laughing, but that's just my morbid sense of humor.Maybe I'm just not \"getting it\" and my head is up where the sun doesn't shine, but this movie was just...... kinda boring for me."
"77" "AZING! I Just got myself a Free Playstation Plus 365 Days Subcsription Code. Now I can play online on the Playstation 4 for a full year without paying a single buck. Get your code too at www(dot).AZING! I Just got myself a Free Playstation Plus 365 Days Subcsription Code. Now I can play online on the Playstation 4 for a full year without paying a single buck. Get your code too at www(dot). AZING! I Just got myself a Free Playstation Plus 365 Days Subcsription Code. NowAZING! I Just got myself a Free Playstation Plus 365 Days Subcsription Code. Now I can play online on the Playstation 4 for a full year without paying a single buck. Get your code too at www(dot).I can play online on the Playstation 4 for a full year without paying a single buck. Get your code too at www(dot)."
"78" "The only good thing about the movie was its style. It is unique. The second thing was Al Pacino, I mean he just holds everything still while he speaks. REally commendable performance. The opening scene was fantastic\"I believe in America\" perfectly lit shot. After that everything is a drag. I get bored by the end of the movie. It has elongated scenes , I mean these so elongated that you can take a nap without missing anything. It was more like a opera kind of movie. So the opera lovers may like this movie but for me it was boring. Go watch it if you kind of love family drama said in a kind of some song and well love to nourish the scenes"
"79" "Time and time again my friends berate me for not seeing this film and yet consider me to be something of a 'movie buff'. So they duly sat me down on Saturday night with a curry and the director's cut for my entertainment and delight.All I can say is, there's 3 hours of my life I'm never going to get back. Don't get me wrong; I'm a big fan of gangster movies, I've studied some of the early Cagney/Robinson films and seen most of the more important ones: Scarface, Casino, Goodfellas - I even stayed awake through Once Upon A Time In America. But The Godfather was agonising. Slow, meandering, overly-complicated, lacking punch - what it lashed out in bullets and horses heads, it certainly lacked in dynamite. Watching The Godfather is the cinematic equivalent of the Beach Boys' Pet Sounds; 30 years on it's impossible to see why on earth it was considered so ground-breakingly new and exciting. But by all accounts Coppolla was making a brave movie here, reintroducing a genre stuck in the 1920's and lavishing 168 minutes on the minutiae of one Mafia family.And lavish it he does. The only thing I can say in its defence is that the production design was superb, it lacked for nothing, the overall look of the film was excellent. The budget must have been colossal. What a pity the plot and the dialogue didn't live up to its promise. With a cast so huge and impressive as well, it's twice as pitiful.The legendary Marlon Brando couldn't fail to disappoint - the poor man's legend - in my opinion - far exceeded his talent. I understand the director begged Brando to come out of retirement for this, although I kind of wish he'd stayed there. His incessant mumbling, padded cheeks and all, peering out of dark corners and scratching his face just had me turning the volume way up high and becoming increasingly frustrated. Diane Keaton just played Diane Keaton/Annie Hall (her real name, trivia hounds)as usual, with an increasingly terrible haircut. She looked like she wasn't sure what she was doing in the movie any more than we did, she just looked like she wanted to go home. Her relationship with Pacino totally lacked chemistry and I found his return to her from Sicily as a widower highly unbelievable. Even Pacino's 'thunderbolt' relationship with Apollonia seemed contrived and wooden - I know he's meant to be a hard man but he remained so poker-faced throughout the movie I lost any feelings of sympathy for him.The best part I felt was played by James Caan, whose character was labelled as 'hot tempered' by his father (is that what it takes to be interesting within the Corleone family?!) so of course he met a predictably sticky end like a lot of the better characters. I found a lot of the meandering plot very predictable - to the extent where I was annoying my die-hard fans who put on the show for me, but I couldn't help it: \"Something tells me Apollonia isn't going to get out of that car\" etc. The plot didn't really go anywhere, it just seemed to be setting itself up for that sequel; every 20 minutes or so Brando/Pacino were inviting people to take advantage of 'an offer they couldn't refuse'. It was laughable.Other than Caan's, none of the characters were the slightest bit appealing; the outrageous behaviour of Tommy in Scorsese's Goodfellas, for example, is counterbalanced by his likable personality: you're laughing in spite of yourself. Pacino's protagonist in Scarface is the same - snorting copious amounts of cocaine and waving a gun around - you still care about the guy, however monstrous he's become. But Pacino in The Godfather was just a cartoon bad-ass, like the rest of them, identikit baddies with no depth whatsoever, no remorse, no weakness, no humanity, no growth. When Brando stumbles to his death among the tomato plants in play with his grandson I take that to mean that Coppolla was showing us Vito had a heart but really, it was too little too late.Coppolla may well have been brave in 1972 to reintroduce a decidedly unfashionable genre on a conservative audience, and for the time it might have been a breath of fresh air, but the glamour and pace of subsequent, better, gangster fare puts The Godfather in the shade, however responsible the film may be for the genre's future output."
"80" "Many men has called this the greatest movie ever made. I disagree, though I liked it very much. The hype of this movie is as interesting as the movie itself as it says a lot about the world we live in and the men who seek power. I have seen and read intimidation used by people, trying to personally attack any who called this movie terrible or boring calling them stupid, while many other just jumped on the wagon calling it the greatest movie ever made to avoid such attack. A similar pattern to how physically strong, but emotionally weak men like Capone and Hitler came to power.The movie is significant to both world and film history. I however only give the movie a 5 as by todays standard its less artistic, entertaining and original. I also did not feel there was much new or original to learn from this movie and I did not get that \"wow\" feeling. I would not have much interest to see it again.This is one of my favorite gangster movies though and its certainly not terrible or boring. However it lacks in much of what I think a great movie should be such as: Moral points, emotion, surprise, humor, editing, cinematography, original thought, special effects, music score or even acting.(the tough guy role is not as challenging as it is to play mentally ill person) It does also not appeal to a very broad audience (not a movie many women and children like). It was great for its time, but compared to some of todays movies is very limited in the areas of greatness.If you like movies like old gangster movies or even tough guy movies like \"the departed\" and \"scarface\" or want to know what the hype is about. I recommend this movie it is a great movie for this genre. But it does not reach the emotional or theatrical heights of movies like \"Forrest Gump\", \"the Lord of the Rings\", \"Dances with Wolves\" or even my favorite gangster movie \"Goodfellas\"."
"81" "I saw this movie twice. It's an alright movie but really has noexceptional value. Certainly not as much as everyone seems tothink. I believe people heap praise upon it because other peopleTELL them this is the best movie ever. I say to those people growa backbone and watch some better movies."
"82" "I am a 14 year old film buff and have just set up my account on IMDb if i had set this up earlier i would have commented on this film before now. I watched the Godfather when i got it as a Christmas present 3 years ago, when i watched it i immediately thought wow what a let down!! everyone who i spoke to had said it was one of the best films they had ever seen. But i disagree, there is no denying that the acting and direction in the Godfather is sublime but it is the fact that it is so monotonous, many people will say that it is because i am 14 but i have seen many films including other Coppela films such as The Conversation and Apocalypse Now, which is my favourite film so i definitely am not saying that Coppela cannot direct but what i am saying is that he could have done so much better with the script, the talent and the locations. So overall I am saying this: The Godfather is not a Bad film just very poor and it is definitely not all it is cracked up to be. Thankyou for reading my review."
"83" "I watched this movie three times in an attempt to see why such a poorly written, directed, and acted movie is so revered by fans and critics alike.
Aside from the music (which is the only good thing about this movie really), I found everything about this movie to be mediocre at best. I found the plot to be thin and simplistic, the characters to be one-dimensional and underdeveloped, the cinematography to be pretentious and boring. And the movie itself to be unnecessarily long and lacking of suspense. Overall, it looks like a documentary, and a very bad one indeed.
And the ending was a major simplistic plot convenience to the point of being stupid.
The only logical explanation for this movie's acclaim is that this movie is a mafia propaganda movie to instill fear and respect towards them. And the mafia forced critics to praise this title by placing severed horse heads in their beds!"
"84" "Having seen this movie many years ago I sat to re-engage and watched again. I cannot understand the hype about this movie. I think that people hear that its the best movie made then automatically accept this opinion and convince themselves it is. The scene with the horses head was ridiculous really. Acting by Brando was at best mediocre and James Caan is useless . I don't even reckon FFC as a director either, especially after Gangs Of New York. If this was made in present day it would probably flop. The 2 sequels got worse and the supporting characters never seemed to fit in.I would imagine the book is a million times better. The only redeeming feature for me was seeing Al Pacino honing his acting skills he used so brilliantly used in the later Serpico and Scarface. Sorry but this never gripped me at all.Am I right in thinking Brando changed his looks,size and accent many times during this?"
"85" "A bad movie, just lots of conversation for 3 hours, and little action."
"86" "OK, I REALLY don't get it. I always thought: \"Oh well, the Godfather, masterpiece, everyone has to watch it at least once in their live, let's see it then (someday)\". Then today I finally decided myself to watch it and I was shocked about it.To make it short, it was boring, WAY to long for the amount of real action (and I don't mean Micheal bay action, I mean something like a traceable storyline that doesn't introduce new names and character every time something really happens (and thats not often the case) so that in the end, you don't even know who's who and what is really happening. I don't like a film where you don't know who is doing the action you see, especially if some of the main characters are so similar that you can't distinguish them in some scenes. Also, the film is too long. Take the first set for example, the wedding (or was it a wedding?). If you count all the minutes you see some macaroni's dancing without sense or entertaining the viewer, I think it's around 5 to 10mins. If you look at that you know why the movie is around 3 hours long. Coming to the characters, I didn't have any emotional relationship to them after 3 hours of nearly non-stop conversation. I didn't really care when they died, first because in most cases, I didn't know who was killed in the scene most times and second, because I had no emotions for them. (Let's take that scene near the end, where all the people get killed, like 5 or 6 in three different locations. I didn't even recognize one of them, the whole scene didn't make sense for me. Why would they shoot a women with their child in the bed, especially if the viewer doesn't know who (the f**k) she is??? Not really a pro for a so-called \"masterpiece\") The only two pros I have are the acting and the music. I have to say I'm not a pro in commenting acting in films (watched Catwoman and didn't have a clue why Halle Berry became the golden raspberry for their acting after learning all that stuff with the walking like a cat, martial arts etc.). But I have to say what I've seen in this film is the most natural acting possible. None of the scenes looks contrived, the \"we are all family\" part came very good. Also the soundtrack is really worth recognizing.To sum it up:Acting: 10/10 Storyline: 4/10 (really disappointing) Action: 3/10 (even more disappointing) Lenght: 2/10 Soundtrack: 8/10Overall: Around 4-5/10, I'll give it 4 because it's overrated.PS: I watched \"The Rock\" the same day and found it much better than \"The Godfather\" (Better action, no lenghts, even better soundtrack, a very simple but at least traceable story)"
"87" "Just another violent gang movie, whats the big deal? I hate these sort of movies about mafia guys going around with guns thinking they are all tough, put them in a ring one on one with Tyson and see how tough they are. I Don't understand why this movie is so praised, Whats the big deal? There is enough violent gang movies around, what makes this one special? There are so many movies better than this one out there, don't waste your time with this. I suppose there must be lots of fans of this movie like there is for lots of other violent pointless ****house movies such as Sin City and the likes, I guess this just highlights that there must be fairly big problems in our society today, why would anyone find this sort of negative and pointless junk enjoyable? The way that this sort of thing is portrayed in movies as being \"cool\" is really quite sickening, I wonder how many people who have had personal experience with murder and violence would find this sort of thing enjoyable, not many I would say. If you think you are going to get anything worthwhile out of this movie think again, your life will not be enriched in any way by watching this, spend the three hours out enjoying the sunshine or talking to your friends and family or something instead..."
"88" "How is this considered to be one of the greatest movies of all time? Does something amazing happen in the third act? I wouldn't know because I only got around an hour and a half into this absolute slog of a movie. This thing is so impossibly overlong and boring that I'm pretty sure that most of these 10/10 reviews are fakes. Or at least from people who have never seen any movies other than this one."
"89" "Basically you see messy things like killings, distrust, disappointment, suspicious people and stories, sudden things, and it does not seem like it has ending, neither positive nor negative. Ending is like beginning, except that this time it is his son. Very negative and long. Not worth watching! Maybe good for older audience, as movie is old too. Old times, no devices, cars, or anything new I got used to."
"90" "Ddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddd dddddddddddddddd dddddddddddddd dddddddddddddd dddddddddddddddd ddddddddddddddd dddddddddddddd dddddddddddddd dddddddddddd"
"91" "I do not understand the big fuss about the Godfather trilogy OK yes the acting is top quality with brilliant performances from marlon Brando, Al Pacino, James Caan, Robert Duvall and even talia Shire is good but the film just drags the whole story is boring and the films just seem to go over the same things over and over again.I must admit that i am probably not the best person to review the godfather seeing as i don't really like gangster movies i didn't like Goodfellas either although i did like like the untouchables I believe people saying they love the godfather movies is simply because they have heard other people saying how good it is and think that in order to be considered a proper movie lover they have to like the godfathers."
"92" "A friend of mine and I were arguing as to the greatest film of all time and he sent me to this site to see what the idiots (all 250k of em) here had decided was the best pic. I of course (like anyone with sense and taste or knowledge of film) was extolling the unlimited virtues and impact of the REAL best picture of all time, Citizen Kane. He meanwhile was arguing for the Godfather and I just figured it was his immaturity or possibly his ignorance and then when told me to go to imfd id10t or whatever this site is I was ASTONISHED to find that there were a quarter of million other people who agreed. Habadashery!!! There could not have even been a \"godfather\" without Citizen Kane, ALL of modern film owes a debt of gratitude to that film and anyone who knows anything about film making knows this. Please refer to AFI or just ask any freshman student of film. Blasphemy! and everyone knows that Peewees big adventure is the foundation for the future of film./ HAHA."
"93" "This is a good movie but not as great as everyone seems to think.Certaintly not the number one movie in the top 250. Heat, in fact,was much better than The Godfather. Pachino's acting was not sovery good and the plot was slightly sluggish. The whole timewhere Pachino is 'away' is a blind alley of a plot line and onlyserves to kill off his first wife that has no bearing on the plot really.7/10"
"94" "What I don't understand is why so many think this is such a great film. The actors did great, but the whole story to me was boring. I like to see the bad guys get whats coming to them. I think a lot of the guys who watch this kind of idolize them and that's just sad to me. At least it seems that way. Maybe I just like my crime movies to have a more definitive hero. Someone I can root for to come out on top. There are mob/crime family movies I really like so I know its not just the genre I don't care for. The only reason I gave it a 4 out of 10 is because the actors were good, otherwise I'd have given it a 1. This is just my opinion of course. I often disagree with critics and ratings so you should watch it and judge for yourself."
"95" "Very good movie ive watched it 10000000 timesssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss"
"96" "........................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................."
"97" "One of the jewels in the crown of the 70s cinema, The Godfather tells the story of the Corleone family. Itialian immigrants, caring people, and mafioso. From the first frame in which you see Marlon Brando's face lit from in front and above like a dark angel to the last frame of the last film in which Al Pacino's wineglass falls out of his hand as he slumps, the family gone and destroyed. The Godfather is the holy trinity of mob films. Every film after it has its influences in it, and, much like some people look towards the Star Wars trilogy for an answer to every question, many people do so for The Godfather."
"98" "I watched this movie, trying not to set my hopes too high, after everything i had heard about THE GODFATHER. I think its overrated. It's an OK story. But i do not think that this movie should be worshiped the way it is. I think most people say its the greatest movie of all times, Because someone said to those people that it was the greatest movie of all time. I on the other hand found it so boring. So completely overrated and just simply SO boring that i hope never to see the other episodes of this movie. I in fact pray my children in the future will never have to see such a bad movie. Im sorry to say these thing and sound like a hater. But i really just do not agree with you and other who find this movie so magnificent. But i found this movie very bad apart from ill make him an offer he cant refuse story. Other than that i found this movie a mistake."
"99" "'The Godfather' is one of the most well-known films of all time, and its popularity has made it a legend. It is the ultimate Mafia film. The film crops up in everyday conversation: the memorable scene with the horse's severed head and the dead of the Mafia man in the tomato garden while he is chasing the little boy around. It's one of those films that some consider the best film ever made -- that is, by some people but not by me. While I thought that some of the scenes and story were done brilliantly, some of the film was difficult to follow. I've seen much better films that 'The Godfather', and despite some of the good scenes and the photography, I would only classify it as an average film. Good, and it probably could not have any better, but it just failed to really inspire me as a film."
"100" "Given the rave reviews, I was very excited when I finally had time to sit down and watch this movie start to finish. I ended up more than a little disappointed. My biggest complaint is that the movie glorifies the underworld in a way that ends up seeming very corny--one scene features a bunch of civilized looking crime lords sitting around a table talking about how gambling, alcohol, and prostitution are OK, but drugs cross the line.Sure, the story incorporates a lot of dramatic effects, but in the end I felt like the drama was forced into the setting in a cheap attempt to make mid-20th century organized crime look serious and exciting. In this way, The Godfather is a little bit like rap music--it validates a fast-paced, unlawful lifestyle by glorifying the coming of power and masculinity that its main characters undergo."
"101" "When I first went on this site, I was so excited what the top movie was I nearly exploded. When I saw that this prestigious position was taken by the Coppola classic, The Godfather, I was like \"Ah, not what I expected, but it seems deserving.\" When I actually rented it out in the hope that it would be the best movie ever, I was quite shocked. What I'm trying to say people is DO NOT expect it to be the best movie ever made, because it is far from it. It takes SO MUCH out from the original book that you'll wonder if the book and the movie are written by the same person.That's not to say this movie is bad, but rather it misses out on so much from one of the greatest books I've ever read. Where is the Adventures of Johnny and Nino!? Where is the vaginal surgery?? Why isn't Doctor Jules in this movie?! Why the hell did they make Tessio insignificant? Why didn't they let you know more about Paulie Gatto?? The only reason you'll want to see this is if you are a mob movie fanatic or so you will understand the 2nd movie more (which by the way is in every respect better). It is a good movie, but there are many flaws such as the acting quality, the way that you must practically smash your windows because your turning the volume up so high to understand what they're saying among other things. Good movie, but not #1."
"102" "I would like to tell everyone that this movie is highly overated expecially considering it is the number one movie in the IMDB TOP 250 LIST!!  Dont get me wrong i like like Francis Ford Coppola's movies but i have never been a fan of this series!!  He definatly has an all star line up , but come on people Marlon Brando cannot act his way out of a paper bag!! Just like one of my favorite Coppola movies \"Apocalypse Now\" Marlon got top billing over Martin Sheen when right well Martin should have been the oscar nominee!! It is a good trilogy but let me tell you something? If you want a good down to earth mob movie see anything done by Martin Scorsese! I wasnt really over touched by this series but i know it has alot of fans!! See ya folks!!!"
"103" "I thought the book was overdone and corny when I read it in 71; and I thought the movie was overacted and bordered on fantasy when I saw it in 72.Having spent 22 years in a major city's police department, I had occasion to deal with these mob types now and again. They are nothing like those portrayed in the film. They are hollow shells of men who somehow know their bravado is a sham.There are some good action scenes in the picture, but I find the constant atmosphere of universal admiration of thuggery to be aimed at the juvenile patron."
"104" "I was expected a lot from this movie as it is ranked in the second place of IMDb top movies. I know that my opinion is oppose to the majority but here is my opinion. The Godfather movie is quite boring for me. The actions and everything are quite slow and in monotone. The shooting scene in the movie was radiculous and not realistic. The shooting is quite bad as it is an old movie which I understand. The story line is quite simple and quite straight. As I watched this movie, I forced myself to not fall asleep. The only good thing from this movie is the acting and also the music was on point. I would not recommend this movie for those who don't like slow pace movie or even a classic movie."
"105" "Whenever you hear about this film people always put it on a pedestal about how amazing it is and how its the 'best film ever made' etc and its rated on this site at 9.2. I Honestly cannot rack my brain to come up with an answer to why it's rated so highly in peoples opinion! The problem with this film is that so many more films have been made of this genre with similar story lines since The Godfather was made...an unfortunately for The Godfather....the others have done it much better (Casino, Goodfella's etc).It's ridiculously long, I do enjoy a lot of long films, however if it is to be so long then it has to be exciting to keep it going. The Godfather is so so slow paced! And people always go on about Marlon Brando's 'amazing acting' in this...all he done was stick his jaw out a little and mumble all his words! Al Pacino's character is much more interesting. One of the most overrated, boring films I've ever seen...apart from Part II which is even worse! And I've not attempted Part III yet!!!!"
"106" "I was finally forced to watch this 'masterpiece'.  What, exactly, is the redeeming feature of this movie that all these film 'elites' love so much.It was a long, boring, tedious experience I would never want to repeat. Watching old men convince young men to kill other old men was pointless. Was there an actual point to the story?  Or was it crafted just to sell the next installment.This movie has no business being so well-liked and shows what is wrong with both American cimema and the IMDB ranking system."
"107" "Call me crazy, call me whatever, but I simply didn't get the movie. I think I know the reason why. After seeing 1000s of rip-offs and the motives inside this movie explored to the death in countless movies since the 70s, the initial hand-kissing scene looks pretty trite. Or the making an offer you can't refuse? Puhleeze! The movie is quite slow. I know it is all about the atmosphere, but it really is nothing special. Neither does the mumbling of Marlon Brando convey any special significance to me. Yes, he is remorseful for being a powerful leader of a criminal empire and assigning this fate to his son. Boo hoo hoo. If you don't become a crook you don't have these kinds of problems. And yes, we all get it. The aggressive son is doomed to be killed in retaliation, the ineffectual son is doomed to remain in the shadows and the resourceful son is destined to take over the \"family business\". He simply kills off his adversaries without it ever being made clear how he outsmarted them or why no one ever came for him in a similar fashion. He actually turns into quite a ruthless son-of-a-... But there is something more fundamental about why the movie isn't \"doing anything\" for me. The entire notion of \"honor\" and \"chivalry\" among criminals. It's completely fake. Now that America is mostly out of the grip of such people (not so in my own country I'm afraid, but still far from Chicago of the 20s) glorifying them is easy. The truth however is quite different. Criminals usually talk of honor, but their actions are based on much baser things. And they always have an excuse for why they ended up being crooks. Don't get suckered into believing movies like these convey any truth. Rating 5/10Scale: 10 MASTERPIECE, 9 Excellent, 8 Good, 7 OK, 6 Adequate, 5 Average, 4 Mediocre, 3 Poor, 2 Bad, 1 HORRIBLE"
"108" "A movie that apparently needs no introduction. The Godfather - a movie that tops most \"greatest movie of all time, period\" lists, won three Oscars including Best Picture and is #2 on the IMDb top 250. So if there was any indication from all this information it is that this movie is one which has few people raising a word against it. So naturally I wanted to go out and watch this movie and see what the fuss is all about and I didn't like it.The story is that the Corleone family is a mafia family. After the Don (Marlon Brando) is shot in cold blood his reluctant son Michael (Al Pacino) slowly goes back into the family business while his brother (James Caan) runs the family. As time goes on the more the feeling of things being unstable surfaces and James Caan's character is shot and killed. When The Don recovers from his injuries he announces retirement while Michael runs things.Okay onto the positives. This movie's cinematography, editing and directing I have to admit are all very good. I'd say the scene where Michael says his vows to become Godfather of his sister's child while his enemies are being murdered I would say that scene is masterfully done among a few others in this movie.Okay now the stuff people will flip tables at me for, the stuff I didn't like. For a three hour movie I felt very little investment in the story or the characters. The only one I wanted to see make it out okay is Michael and all the rest either have too little screen time or I just never saw reason to connect with them.Okay I hope I have made through reviewing this movie without stepping on too many toes. I mean if someone said they liked this movie I can see why - Some of the technical stuff is almost worth the three hours of my time and I can see some people being more invested in the characters than I was. I'd say check it out, in terms of the technical stuff this movie is worth a glance and maybe you might like the movie more than I did and even then I could see why but for me I just didn't like it."
"109" "I expected a lot of this film especially after this was ranked as one of the best films. But to give it #1 ranking is way too much. I watched it and it was an OK film. The portrayal was real but a little too slow at times. Reality they say bites and I guess it was more like a documovie that chronicles the life of a mafia and his family. Facts were not the problem here, the speed was. I could find little that was debatable or something like that, just that it made me sleep. The sequel was no better in working as a sleeping pill."
"110" "Ten years ago when I watched this movie for the first time I had no knowledge of English and I was almost a kid. My first impression of the movie was that it was plain boring. I have just watched \"The Godfather\" again ten years later. I am about to be twenty-seven years-old and I am a professor of English as a second language in two universities of my country so I can no longer think that my impression of the movie is biased by my young age or my lack of understanding of English -oh, I also speak Italian by the way.This movie is simply way too overrated. I am not saying this is a bad movie but it does NOT deserve his current position as 2nd greatest movie of all times.If you have not watched this movie I invite you to do so and judge for yourself. If you have watched it already I would like for you to try and convince me that I am wrong. If you decide to do so, I would appreciate if you did it in a respectful way.Regards, MANIUIS."
"111" "This is over done and over rated. It sucks. It just doesn't make any sense why people like one crime film so much. There are so many good motion pictures out there, and out of all of them, people pick this one? Honestly Francis Ford Coppola is over rated, and he makes lots of trash films."
"112" "The Godfather is arguably the most over-rated movie ever made. To be fair it is a technical feast, with impressive period design, and the music is memorable, but nothing else is. Pacino is dull, Keaton is forgettable, Duvall goes through the motions, and the script lacks the punch it probably had in 1972. Goodfellas, in one movie, tells the same rise and fall story that The Godfather has over three movies in a far more enjoyable and vivid way."
"113" "This film is in the top 10 movies of most of my friends. I can see why: it's a very good movie BUT... I higgly dislike the main side effect of this movie and how many people seem to suffer from it: romanticising the mafia, making heroes out of the worst people on the planet. If you think the public is sophisticated enough to see through this and grasp the real message of the film: mafia = evil, Don Corleone is less evil than the others but is still evil, than guess again."
"114" "This is one of the mythical films in the history of cinema. As well as Taxi driver, I think it is overrated. If it is true that the film has an impressive setting. That the actors are very well. The problem is that it does not catch me. He can not hook me. When it seems that it is going to put interesting Al Pacino goes away of trip and does things that do not make sense and that do not come to story.The photography is spectacular, such as art, makeup, costumes, the overall setting is fine. The actors also do very well.The management however, although it takes well the tone, but is that to my Coppola I do not like, I am sorry, but I do not like how it directs. He can not catch me in any way. Neither with history nor with beauty, which does not exist, nor with plans. I do not like anything that is a film shot basically in the foreground. Of course it has open plans, but all the conversations are in the foreground, there is nothing staging. The character of Al Pacino seems totally inconsistent to me, as soon as it says white makes black. It is the most variable character of the whole cast.Yet this is the best of the three, because the two is worse and the three is worse still in every way."
"115" "I have recently watched Godfather again and my initial opinion did not change. There is a story but characters are superciliously described. In some cases they do not relate to the story completely. The competition among rival gangsters should have been better described to the audience.There are other movies also leaves an uncompleted feeling at the end of it, but this one is different. The main components of a movie is missing,a lacking integrity included at its ending.Ladies and gentleman, I admit it could make a few good entry episodes for a gangsters TV series, which it did in a way in the long run but overall, this movie deserves nothing close to its current position in the IMDb top movies list."
"116" "The book is awesome, one of the best books ever. Sadly the movie is weak, and fails to portrait the true essence of the characters, what's so great about the book is that you're able to know and understand the background stories, therefore you identify with the characters behavior to the point where you even forget they're mobsters!! however in the movie many minor and irrelevant scenes take too much time, time that could be used to go a little deeper into the characters, and what's even worst is the total disregard to important passages of the book which didn't even make the movie, or if they did, they were over-synthesized. I don't think I'm the only one that really loved the book, but was sadly disappointed by the movie, still is a movie worth watching, but if you really want to enjoy a great story you should read the book!!"
"117" "Super slow moving and fatiguing to watch considering it's unnecessarily long runtime and formulaic structure. Honestly, you can't expect me to get attached to characters if they're just going to be killed off in 20 minutes of being introduced.It has a very episodic structure in that things are set up, but never revisited. For example, in the beginning of the film, there is a subplot of one of the family blackmailing a director to put someone in his film. After putting his horse's head in his bead, he accepts. This storyline is never visited again. What was the point?This honestly put me in such a bad mood, and movies shouldn't do that. I want to enjoy myself during a viewing and be invested in the story, not want it to end as soon as possible.
It did have *some* interesting symbolism, but not enough for me to give it a 3/5.It honestly baffles me how many people love this movie to death."
"118" "Long boring with some good parts in it. Not my kind of movie even tho I usually like old movies this did not meet my expectations."
"119" "Really good concept,good acting pro actor and the directing magnificent it is actually really cool for people who love action movies and this is NOT for kids so if your going to watch this tell your son/daughter go sleep XD"
"120" "This movie is pure of violence, massacres, deaths, killings which I hoped that there is nothing like this anymore in our generation. I somehow like the movie for its showing the reality that we're in. Nevertheless, this is something thats not be shown to our children."
"121" "On the day of his only daughter's wedding, Don Vito Corleone hears requests in his role as the Godfather, the head of a New York crime family. Vito's youngest son, Michael, in a Marine Corps uniform, introduces his girlfriend, Kay Adams, to his family at the sprawling reception. Vito's godson Johnny Fontane, a popular singer, pleads for help in securing a coveted movie role, so Vito dispatches his consigliere, Tom Hagen, to the abrasive studio head, Jack Woltz, to secure the casting. Woltz is unmoved until the morning he wakes up in bed with the severed head of his prized stallion. Shortly before Christmas 1945, drug baron Virgil \"The Turk\" Sollozzo, backed by the Corleones' rivals, the Tattaglias, asks Vito for investment in the emerging drug trade and protection through his political connections. Vito disapproves of drug dealers, so he sends his enforcer, Luca Brasi, to spy on them. The family then receives two fish wrapped in Brasi's vest, imparting that he \"sleeps with the fishes\". An assassination attempt by Sollozzo's men lands Vito in the hospital, so his eldest son, Sonny, takes command. Sollozzo kidnaps Hagen to pressure Sonny to accept his deal. Michael thwarts a second assassination attempt on his father at the hospital; his jaw is broken by Police Captain McCluskey, who is also Sollozzo's bodyguard. Sonny retaliates for the attacks on his father by having Tattaglia's son killed. Michael comes up with a plan to hit Sollozzo and McCluskey: on the pretext of settling the dispute, Michael accepts their offer to meet in a Bronx restaurant, retrieves a planted handgun, and murders them. Despite a clampdown from the authorities, the Five Families erupt in open warfare and the brothers fear for their safety. Michael takes refuge in Sicily, and Fredo Corleone is sheltered by associate Moe Greene in Las Vegas. Sonny attacks his brother-in-law Carlo on the street for abusing his sister Connie and threatens to kill him if he abuses her again. When it happens again, Sonny speeds for her home but assassins ambush him at a highway toll booth and riddle him with submachine gun fire. Michael's time abroad has led to marriage to Apollonia Vitelli. Their euphoria is shattered when a car bomb intended for him takes her life. Devastated by Sonny's death, Vito decides to end the feuds. Believing that the Tattaglias were under orders of the now dominant Don Emilio Barzini, he promises, before the heads of the Five Families, to withdraw his opposition to their heroin business and forgo revenge for his son's murder. His safety guaranteed, Michael returns home to a father saddened by his involvement in the family business and marries Kay the next year. With his father at the end of his career and his surviving brother too weak, Michael takes the reins of the family, promising Kay that he will make the business legitimate within five years. To that end, he insists Hagen relocate to Las Vegas and relinquish his role to Vito because Tom is not a \"wartime consigliere\"; the older man agrees Tom should \"have no part in what will happen\" in the coming battles with rival families. When Michael travels to Las Vegas to buy out Greene's stake in the family's casinos, Greene derides the Corleones as a fading power. To add injury to insult, Michael sees Fredo falling under Greene's sway. Vito collapses and dies in his garden while playing with Michael's son, Anthony. At the funeral, Salvatore Tessio arranges a meeting between Michael and Don Barzini, signaling his treachery as Vito had warned. The meeting is set for the same day as the christening of Connie's son, to whom Michael will stand as godfather. As the christening proceeds, Corleone assassins, acting on Michael's orders, murder the other New York dons and Moe Greene. Tessio is told that Michael is aware of his betrayal and taken off to his death. After Carlo is questioned by Michael on his involvement in setting up Sonny's murder and confesses he was contacted by Barzini, Peter Clemenza kills him with a wire garrote. Michael is confronted by Connie, who accuses him of having her husband killed. He denies killing Carlo when questioned by Kay, an answer she accepts. As Kay watches warily, Michael receives his capos, who address him as the new Don Corleone."
"122" "It's considered a classic because it was cynically designed to be a classic; it knows the the secrets of tension and payoff, it hooks the idiots with some random moaning broad getting boned in the first few minutes, and enough money was pumped into it that it looks like a painting in motion. You got tits and glamourized gangster machismo for the men, and scenic rural Italy for the women.It would be obvious how paper-thin and sadly calculated it all really is if the performances didn't propel it into something approaching three- dimensionality. I think I prefer Goodfellas because it deconstructs everything this movie is, and is a much more natural, interesting movie in the process."
"123" "IMDb Rating: 9.2 Major awards : Won 3 Oscars Best actor award :Marlon BrandoOne question : Did it deserved? Answer: Absolutely NotI didn't grow up in the 70s, and I understand that every movie belongs to its generation. After watching this movie, although I cant say I didn't enjoy it, I am far from considering it best movie ever; and certainly it is absolutely preposterous to make it #1 here.I sat down expecting to watch the most spectacular cinematic experience of my life - but instead I ended up sitting rather bored for the good part of 3 hours.I had a very high expectations from this movie after reading lots of user reviews that this movie is a classic cult and base for all the upcoming mafia stories.My problems with this movie:1- Pace : the movie was 3 hours long. I couldn't watch it at one go as it became too boring in the middle 2- Character development : There was no character development. I couldn't understand why Al pacino fell in love with the gal in Sicily spite of having a girlfriend and how shamelessly he came back to his x girlfriend after loosing his wife without giving any concrete explanation3- Editing: The entire trip to Sicily was unwanted and could be avoided to shorten the movie. There were many unnecesarly scenes in the movie4- Acting : Personally I don't think Marlon Brando was suitable for this movie. As for a gangster I would consider someone with a very high vocal. I don't feel he deserved the Oscar as he did nothing extra ordinaryThe Good:1- James Caan acting 2- Good start to the movie 3- Few good scenes here and there 4- Good acting by Al Pacino in the climaxFinal Verdict: Highly Overrated. Definitely not the \"best movie ever material\""
"124" "First I have to say that it is very difficult to watch this movie for the first time (which I just did) and approach it with an open mind. The glowing reviews it gets everywhere (many of course calling it the best movie ever made) gives one extremely high expectations and the possibility of being easily disappointed. The many parodies of the movie also give it a cult status that makes one think one knows the story even if one has never seen it.I thought \"The Godfather\" was a good movie, but nothing more than that really. I personally wouldn't call it the greatest movie ever made; not even one of the greatest. It was good, worth watching once and I'm glad I've finally seen it, but nothing more.The portrayal of mob life in the post-war era seemed realistic enough, and the appropriate atmosphere was set. The opening scenes (revolving around Don Corleone's daughter's wedding) gave me mixed feelings. I thought the whole thing went on too long, but it did demonstrate that Corleone's \"business\" never ended - he was constantly meeting with various people looking for favours rather than being front and centre at the wedding. Brando, of course, won (and refused to accept) the Oscar for Best Actor for his portrayal of Corleone, but I wasn't actually taken with his performance. First, I really didn't think of him as the Lead Actor. Al Pacino (as Corleone's son Mike) was, I thought, far more important to the story and far more interesting to watch. Brando had - to me - an almost cartoonish aura around him. Over-rated in my view. But Pacino was excellent, and the character of Mike the most interesting in the movie, as he evolves from the returned war hero who wants nothing to do with the family \"business\" to the eventual \"Don.\"It's not that I thought this was a bad movie. It was quite watchable and for the most part very interesting. I just think I've seen better.6/10"
"125" "With a movie as critically acclaimed as The Godfather, you'd think it was the best movie of all time. Sadly, for me, this was not the case. It was a decent movie, of course; but, in the end, it had a few major flaws.First and foremost is a flaw that many may see as a great asset (thus pointing out the obviously subjective nature of movie watching): its length. Now, I have nothing against long movies, but this one just seemed to drag on and on and on. I've seen many people who made this complaint get called people with low attention spans and low intelligence; this is complete idiocy. The movie had, for all its apparent greatness, many superfluous scenes (the parts of the movie that took place in Sicily seemed particularly long and drawn out). It truly did not know when to end, and thus did not keep my interest.Another flaw was the the pompousness of the film. It truly seemed to me that every person involved was completely full of themselves and the movie they were making. It just bugged the crud out of me.Another flaw was the underdevelopment of many of the other crime bosses in the film, all of which are of course killed by Michael's men. I didn't even know any of their names, and this alone should show you how little I could care about them. A great movie makes you care about even the villains, so that their deaths are affecting.There's more I could say, but I have limited space here, so I'll just sum it up by saying that it was decent, but far from the greatest movie ever made. In fact, it is probably the most highly overrated movie of all time."
"126" "When a movie is listed at No. 1 on the IMDb, and when this same movie is ranked No. 3 by the AFI, it has got to be a good film. And no one doubts that is what The Godfather is. Indeed, the acting is incredible, the directing awesome, the plot good and the climax shocking and beautiful.Overall the movie is great, surely deserving a place in the Top 100, Top 20, maybe even the Top 10 (although not mine personally). But I truly do not see No. 1 or No. 3. I really can't place my finger on it, and perhaps another viewing on a better-quality tape will help, but it seems to me that The Godfather's hype has gotten to the point where enjoyment of the movie is starting to be flawed because of it. 9.5/10"
"127" "I have just seen it, for the first time. £20 for the first 2 Godfather films and Fight Club on DVD, i figured that's got to be worth it for such acclaimed movies.Strong performances from Pacino, Caan and Duvall do lend realism to the plot, but i have to say i found Brando's mumbled dialogue really annoying (Authentic? - Maybe? Acclaimed?) but still annoying, and i was disappointed to find he still had a part to play in the film, even after the film maker's had him shot.The movie does have some fine moments (the horses head, Pacino's restaurant scene, Sonny's death) all good scenes, but when interlaced with tediously drawn out rubbish (The opening 20mins YAWN, Pacino's entire time spent in hiding, YAWN) I couldn't help but wish for the film to end.At nearly 3 hours long, the movie could have easily been trimmed by a hour and not lost anything, in summary this film has brilliance mixed with tedium and simply doesn't deserve its place in the number 1 spot.I hope part 2 is better, because part 1 has not inspired me to watch it, maybe when i have nothing else to do i will. Thank god Fight Club's a winner.6/10 Watch Goodfellas instead (It makes this film look timid)"
"128" "Even quite tense at times - that restaurant scene had my heart pounding, as did the hospital scene. But it is overhyped. Okay, scene composition and direction are top notch, yadda yadda, acting is phenomenal, but you can't watch it without thinking \"everyone says this is the greatest film of all time\". Well maybe it is for some, but the film suffers from high expectations as a consequence. Not that you, gentle reader, are interested, but I didn't rate it as highly as Apocalypse Now, Seven Samurai or even Star Wars, but it deserves a respectable 8/10 and if you haven't seen it, its worth 3 hours of your time.Just don't believe the hype."
"129" "Without a doubt, this is a good film. It's got great acting all around, a fine musical score, the cinematography is practically flawless; but it is still lacking in the most important area:It's still a movie that glorifies (or attempts to do so) the mafia.Yes, this film is *really* about family and loyalty, but in the end that becomes sort of sublimated and what you have is a story about criminals, the massive power they wield, and the destruction they cause to those around them.Hardly something worthy of praise. The Godfather is an interesting film, but it's hardly a great film."
"130" "Don't understand what is so special about the movie. Certainly doesn't deserve to be the best movie ever."
"131" "A mate of mine loves this film, and the whole genre to boot. He made me watch this, instilling in me the notion that it was the second best film ever, behind its sequel. Im glad I watched it, if only to argue with my mate. This film is overrated. It's good but not good enough for a top ten spot, especially when there are better films of its genre out there. Goodfellas comes to mind, and I even found Casino more entertaining.Basically, I like a film which leaves me thinking about it, and moved. This didn't really do either. Apparantly the sequel is better. I hope so."
"132" "People always say America is a big melting pot, but actually it is not actually like that. America is separated by different communities,the WASP, the catholics, Jewish people, the Asian, and the black people.Italian immigrants belong to the catholics,but they are looked down upon by some other European immigrants,so they have to ask help from their godfather, the mafia. This film is really impressive.Don Coleone is really a good father, his elder son has a bad temper, his second son is weak, his younger son is intelligent ans unique.This is a big family,this family culture is deeply rooted in their brains.This film is a mirror of Italy society:Power, Women and Money. There is a lot of media reports about Italy PM ex-PM Belusconi, why this corrupt PM not sacked even he faces lots of charges? People always say America dream, but the reality is cruel. If you want to make fortune, you must have support from your relations even the mafia.The wealth is controlled by a few people, they make their money through their relations become richer.This is Capitalism."
"133" "It's alright, but I was expecting much better. Maybe I'll look back at this review in a few years time and kick myself for not getting 'the greatness' of this film. It just isn't as gripping as a film like goodfellas. I had to force myself to keep watching, but as it went on, it was less of a drag. A lot of good quotes that I actually have started to use to be fair to it"
"134" "Are you kidding me? This movie is at best a 6 on a good day. The mere fact that this movie continually shows up on AFI's Top Ten list tells me that action and brutality are preferred by Americans over plot and acting. It is a decent film but nothing more. There is no way it is in the same league as \"Gone with the Wind\", \"Casablanca\", or \"Lawrence of Arabia\". It angers me every time this movie gets voted # 2 on some movie list. Al Pacino and Brando are good, but it was not the best work that either of these actors produced. It is an entertaining film like \"Indiana Jones\" and \"National Treasure\" but it is not a classic. It is important to remember that just because a film is popular does not mean that it is a great movie. If you enjoy mob movies this one is probably the best of a bad lot in the modern era, but the older films with Bogart, Cagney, and Robinson put this film to shame. I will be delighted when people one day realize the true worth of this film."
"135" "Very good movie and very very fun and very very very old is gudfadern and basiclly a very good family movie to watch on a friday night with some popcorn and with big family!!!!!!!"
"136" "This movie really express the time of maffia organization and how the familly stick together."
"137" "Definitely Don't Miss A Opportunity To Rent This Film:"
"138" "Take a gangster film, dip it in sepia tones, wrap it in Nino Rota's elegiac score, add soap and sentiment, and you've got The Godfather, the \"Gone with the Wind\" of gangster films. And like GWTW, The Godfather represents old-style Hollywood film-making at its most popular, but it's no masterpiece, and Goodfellas and The Sopranos make it seem almost antiquated. Coppola's direction attempts to be sweeping, but the script and the characters are shallow and predictable. Scaled to be epic, the film is slow moving and talky with several characters and sequences that feel dispensable. The film doesn't really deepen or build excitement as it progresses, and despite all the talk about family, the members of the Corleone family are essentially stock characters. Pacino, Shire, Cazales, and Caan don't bond as a family, the patriarch is not a commanding or even likable figure who would inspire love or loyalty and Morgana King as mama barely exists. Though it netted an Oscar, Brando's largely immobile performance is gimmicky, and really a supporting role in terms of screen time. The Godfather is the story of Michael Corleone, and the film is owned by a brilliant Al Pacino. In support, Caan, Keaton and Duvall are pretty much one-note. The Godfather is an acknowledged film classic that became a cultural touchstone which inspired imitations and parodies;it was a media event and a box office phenomenon that swept the Oscars and Brando's sending Sasheen Littlefeather to refuse his Oscar only added to it's legend."
"139" "To understand this films acclaim you have to understand censorship in America. Wikipedia has a nice section on the 'Production Code'. In short nothing remotely like this film was seen for decades. So when it was released it was a revelation for American movie audiences. In todays light the film doesn't have the same impact it did back then. The script isn't written that well, the dialogue is labored and dull. Though Brando is amazing and deserved all the accolades he got from the film. The plot is labored as well and drags in many parts. The enemies of the Corleone family aren't 3-d enough to really be too invested in the power struggles. In fact things don't really seem to be alive as in other mobster films like Goodfellas. The illusion of reality here isn't complete. Godfather II is by far the tauter and better film, and the best in the series."
"140" "***Spoilers Ahead***I read the book by Puzo before I saw the movie made out of it. I loved The Godfather in writing. I thought the characters were well thought out and portrayed. When I rented the movie, I knew that there is no way to give the whole story in four hours and make it interesting so I looked for characters and the way they were illustrated.  I looked for the way relationships were passed on to the viewer compared how it was done in the book and after all this I was very disappointed. I can forgive the movie for omitting histories about people like Luca Brasi and Al Neri. I can even forgive them for not working more with Johnny Fontane even though it was a great story that tied in well with the portrayal of Don's relationship with his Godson and how he expected to be repaid by people close to him. The movie skipped characters like Nino, Kay's parents and her background, the doctor and several others, but after all, the movie is not supposed to be a book word for word. The Godfather had great cinematography. The scenes were beautifully picked and shot. My favorite is at the end when Michael stands as Godfather to his nephew and people are getting shot all around, that was amazing. The music was cheesy most of the time, but if that was my main complaint, I could still call this movie to be great. What appalled me beyond belief is the horrible portrayal of Michael and his relationship with Kay (unfortunately it only gets worse in the 2nd movie) and complete lack of the mother's presence in the movie. Her and Kay develop a relationship. Kay becomes super Catholic and goes to church with her every morning. She ran away from Michael with his kids at some point because she was angry with him. And Michael was patient and never lost his temper with his wife. However, he was also very proud and when he returned from Cicily he did not go to her because did not expect to find her still waiting for him. And the movie failed to illustrate how much Tom Hagen was an outsider to the family. The Don lost some of his power because of Tom and that is why Michael removed him from the post. I thought that Sonny was portrayed well as were Connie and Carlo. I thought that oranges as a foreshadowing device was a great idea. The ironies illustrated in the movie like the beginning of a movie with \"I believe in America\" are all good things that made this movie stronger. However, it lacks depth and complexity. I don't understand how one can understand what is going on in this movie without reading the book first.
This movie is considered to be America's best and that should be left on its conscience."
"141" "I just want to sat that this is a over rated movie."
"142" "I finally watched this movie, and I just don't get the hype. I didn't dislike it, and the violence didn't bother me, but I found it over-long and very, very slow. I'm a 50-something who doesn't demand a break-neck pace in a film, even an \"action\" film<U+0085> I'm used to watching long movies that take some time to unfold, and I don't mind that. I have patience. But \"The Godfather\" just seemed to be moving at the wrong pace for its subject matter. I never got into it. I finished it, but I didn't feel drawn into their world.Not helping was the fact that of course by now everyone, even those who haven't seen the film, knows about all the catch-phrases and classic scenes, so they seem like jokes (although naturally that wouldn't have been a problem when the film was newly-released). Brando almost seemed to be a caricature of himself in the early scenes<U+0085> although he got a little better, a little less heavy-handed, after the Don came home from the hospital. In that first sequence in his office during the wedding, I could hardly understand a word he was saying. How could anyone take a man who spoke that way seriously? But again, I was watching it after many years of encountering deliberately bad Brando imitations, so I was at a disadvantage in that respect.That wedding<U+0085> good lord, it lasted longer than many marriages do! I thought it was never going to be over. But while I was watching it, I recalled that I had in fact tried to watch this movie about 30 years ago, when my brother was really into it. I didn't even make it through the wedding. I remember my brother fast-forwarding the VHS tape to show me Abe Vigoda when he became convinced I wasn't going to sit and watch the whole thing with him<U+0085> one quick look at Abe Vigoda and I was outta there. This time I also noticed one of my favorite character actors, Vito Scotti, in the wedding sequence.The people who did \"General Hospital\" in the 1990's must have loved this film. They even lifted the mobster's-chick-gets-blown-up-in-car idea for recycling on the soap opera.I watched the DVD over two nights. The local public library gives me 7, and for a while there I thought I was gonna need 'em all. A good illustration of my feelings for the tension and pacing of the film are that after Sonny bought it at the tollbooth, I turned it off for the night and went to bed, since that was as good a place as any to break. Just didn't care, one way or the other, what was going to happen next. One less character to keep track of. Plenty more where he came from. I was just hoping Vito Scotti would come back.I won't give it a 1 as others have in a deliberate attempt to bring down its average<U+0085> I'll give it an honest rating that I really feel it deserves. The fact that I don't understand why so many people are so crazy about this film doesn't necessarily mean that I'm right and they're wrong<U+0085> in fact, it might well be the opposite. But I stand by the title of this review: I just don't get it."
"143" "At that time, the rhythm of the movie was too far from the present, and the climax was not prominent. It seems to be outdated now. At that time, it was a good movie, but it was ordinary or even worse than the current movie."
"144" "When it comes to a discussion about the popularity of American cinema, it can be stated that there is hardly any American film as famous as \"The Godfather\"-a film which has caught the attention of cinema admirers all over the world. While watching the film, at first sight, viewers wouldn't lose much time to learn that the gangsters portrayed in \"The Godfather\" don't care at all for human lives as business interests come before anything else. Hence, it is perfectly normal for a man to get his brother-in-law killed as he has been disloyal to his family. It is the violent scenes of this kind which aim to terrify without being gory. From a cultural point of view, the ubiquitous discourse about American values of Italian gangsters in America make Francis Ford Coppola's film an intellectually rich viewing experience wherein there is ample spotlight on participating in family gatherings, looking well after family members and choosing to converse in English instead of Italian. Apart from the character with a crooked face- actor Marlon Brando who garners all of viewers' sympathies, good performances have come from other leading players namely Robert Duvall, Al Pacino and James Caan. However, exquisite photography by veteran American cinematographer Gordon Willis and great Italian composer Nino Rota are two more reasons for watching this film about a ruthless family of criminals who left Italian shores to wreck havoc in a new land of dreams."
"145" "I am not able to discern much greatness here. Very slow to start it takes too much time to set the mood with period sets and as a consequence does not have the time to make us get into the characters, raise our interest for them. For a long time it is not really clear on which of the main characters the movie really focuses and we thus cannot invest ourselves in one of them, but have to watch in a rather detached way the \"epic story\" of an entire family, their general mafia business dealings which to me at least are nothing new. The focus on Michael which comes only after some time is achieved with a scene where as a loving son he saves his father, then with a rather inexplicable revenge act which starts an all out gang war, and finally with a cartoonish love story which is also an exploitation device: the one full frontal nudity shot is totally out of place, and I am not against sex on film in general (the scene is however a direct adoption of Mario Puzo's pulp style, so it's at least true to the original material). All this is hardly above cliche. Compare this to Goodfellas, where Martin Scorsese lets us into the head of one single gangster. By concentrating on three friends and their ascent in the mob, the viewer is guided in an effective and engaging way. The exhilaration, the rewards, the madness, the brutality, the arrogance, the anxiety of the mob life are all presented and, using voice over, explained. The viewer gets to understand the motivation of the characters in depth. That Scorsese is a much more effective director than Coppola can be seen from a direct comparison of two scenes. In The Godfather, Sonny beats up his brother-in-law Carlo when he discovers that Carlo beats his wife. This is done in a somewhat drawn out, brutal but standard style, filmed from a relatively static viewpoint at a distance. The average viewer having witnessed hundreds of movie-brawls is most unimpressed. In Goodfellas, Henry knocks down the guy who was harassing his girlfriend in a very similar scene. However, set in a peaceful neighborhood and done in a much faster editing style, the violence comes as a shock and it's over before it has begun. When Henry concludes the encounter with a death threat and Karen in voice-over talks about how she gets excited by the behavior of her boy friend, Scorsese has created a lasting impression. Or, as another example, compare how food is treated, an obvious fetish for the Italian-Americans as portrayed in movies. Coppola treats us to an recipe explained on-screen by Clemenza and a few shots of dining tables and dishes full of food. Scorsese however continuously gives us close-ups of frying pans and people cooking and amassing foodstuffs, and, in the narration of the last day before Henry is arrested, makes the stirring of the tomato sauce into the calm eye of the storm. This is just a masterful characterization, giving 'flesh' to the topic and guaranteeing to leave everybody hungry. The Godfather does have it's moments, of course, and it has a formidable cast. The problem is that they only have a pulp novel to play with, whereas in Goodfellas it's the true autobiographic material of a real life gangster.
Finally, I want to add that The Godfather is certainly not the ultimate masterpiece for Coppola. From a directorial standpoint he has achieved much much more with Apocalypse Now. In the end, however, Martin Scorsese is still a better director by far."
"146" "Because of all the hype surrounding Godfather, I decided to take the plunge. I started out reading the book. I read the first 40 pages on a long flight. Not wanting to spend endless hours reading nearly 500 pages, I decided to watch the movie instead. I have to say I was disappointed. Godfather is basically a soap opera shortened to 3 hours.First, there's too much dialogue. Godfather's probably 10% action and 90% talk. It wouldn't been so bad if you could understand the conversations, but I found myself constantly missing out on something and having to rewind. I particularly got lost when the Don meets the Sollozzos for the first time. This conversation was one of the most important parts of the film, yet I heard nothing but mumblings.The jumbled storyline doesn't help either and not much makes sense. Michael's activities in Italy, his business dealing in Vegas, and him beating up a guy in the street had absolutely nothing to do with the plot. Why the hell those scenes even added? I have never seen a movie that conveyed so much confusion to their audience.The acting was excellent though, but as one has already mentioned - lacked depth. Godfather had little character development and the characters do not have distinct personalities. I swear you couldn't tell Michael or Sonny apart. I think this was more the fault of the scriptwriters or director. Also the chemistry between Kay and Michael just wasn't there. Their marriage at the end seemed odd because of the poorly scripted relationship between them throughout the film.A good movie in my definition should be one that can be interpreted by even a ten year old. Too often, the movie conveys too little information and expects you know everything that's going on.I do have to say the movie has an artistic quality to it. The setting and camera-work beautifully done. And as I have said before, the acting was top-notch. Unfortunately the negative aspects doesn't make up for it. When the movie was over, I couldn't believe it was over. I was like, that's it? I was expecting so much more, especially for being a top ranked movie on IMDb.If you want to see a real movie/show, watch Prison Break."
"147" "All these years people have been praising this film to no end. Yesterday I watched it for the first time just to see how good it really was.First I feel quite disturbed. All the brutal shooting, wife beating, and all forms of killing and hurting made me quite uncomfortable. To me, it makes no sense to glorify violence to such degree.Put the excessive violence aside, this movie is not bad. I was not bored at all while watching it. But do I get the same satisfaction after watching Schindler's List, Taxi Driver, or Lord of the Ring series? Not really. Will I see it again? Probably not. To me, once is enough."
"148" "I think the movie was okay, but could have accomplished much more.  I, personally, believe that the movie was way too long.  There were a number of scenes and shots which served no purpose to the actual story line that could have been edited out and which made parts of it slow and dull.  I realize that most of these were made for benefit of the director's artistic vision, but art doesn't always make for good story telling -- just look at 2001."
"149" "Marlon Brando's acting as the Godfather is sublime and this film is worth watching for that.However I did find the film very long-winded and at times boring. I liked the slow progression of the storyline and understand why Francis Ford Coppola did the film in the way he did. It's just that I felt the film was lacking something. It could have done with a bit more excitement or suspense to make the film more gripping.Lets just say I watched this film about a year ago and I still haven't seen The Godfather 2, and I am in no hurry to either.7/10. Average film. Worth watching to say that you have seen it."
"150" "This movie isnt that good but it's definitely not bad. Everyone talks about this movie like it's some masterpiece but quite frankly it's boring in some scenes, got to so bored the first time watching that I stopped watching a few times that day."
"151" "Like I said: Definitely not the best movie ever. While the movie had its good points, I can't see why it's number 1 on IMDB. I don't even think it was better than Goodfellas, or even better than the other two movies I rented (American History X, Casablanca). Oh well, still good entertainment, looking forward to Godfather Part II."
"152" "During the 1970s, American directors decided, like their French counterparts did in the previous decade, to elevate and transcend the genres that appealed to them as children growing up in the 1940s and50s. Lucas took Buck Rodgers and Science Fiction to new levels, as didSpielberg with the Action/Adventure movie.Some re-made war movies in their own image; others re-configured the Western. Coppola took a stab at elevating the gangster film from B-movie to artistic masterpiece.On some level, he succeeded, transforming the gangster film from movies about crooks to movies about crooks and their families.Though it may not seem like such a difference, adding that familial component made movies about organized crime much more interesting than they had previously been. When critics discuss the great gangster films, few films made before the Godfather are mentioned. The Godfather, in one sense, made gangster movies as we know them. That is no small feat and Coppola ought to be commended for that. He made a solidly acted and directed film in a genre not usually known for those attributes.However, the Godfather is not the greatest movie of all time. It is not even the greatest gangster movie (that would have to go to Goodfellas) or the greatest movie of 1972 (compare it to the dynamic performances of Sleuth, the absolutely absurd and insane Ruling Class, and Bunuel's masterpiece, the Discreet Charm of the Bourgeoisie and you will find the Godfather lacking).Do not mis-understand: the Godfather is an eminently watchable movie, filled with great performances and guided by the sure hand of a very gifted director. It is simply, though, a very good movie - no more, no less. Perhaps I'm able to take a step back from The Godfather because I wasn't there at the timeI understand its appeal and I understand why people call it one of the greatest motion pictures of all time, but I cannot agree with them. It lacks an intangible quality that all great movies have; it lacks an aura. Movies like Close Encounters and Chinatown have an aura that, though difficult to describe, simply exudes greatness.The Godfather lacks that intangible quality while maintaining all of the tangible qualities of a great film. That one, almost invisible piece, though separates the very good from the great. That intangibleis vital and is something this film simply does not have."
"153" "The Godfather series stands as the best in the mob dramas, butthat doesn't mean it is as spectacular as advertised.  In generalmob dramas have been overrated from Godfather to the SopranosTV series.  The main problem with The Godfather is that many plotelements are not shown or even described.  The followingexample is a *spoiler* so if you don't wish to hear a fairly majorplot point don't read on.  In the middle portion of the film Sonnypicks up the phone and then goes racing off in the car with othersscrambling to follow.  He then is gunned down.  Neither the topicof the call nor the reason he was killed are told to the audience,leaving them wondering why it happens aside from the usualtension throughout the movie.  These types of skimpy explanations make too many parts unbelievable that the plot is aweakened form of a potentially great plot.  Outside of that themovie features fine acting and scenery for a decent butdisappointing experience."
"154" "Personally, I found this movie to be quite overrated. Even though it was a good movie, I see very little that makes it great. The movie is long, and often long winded. The only standout that I see is Brando's incredible acting. Mr. Brando and Al Pacino both make this long film bearable."
"155" "In a word, underwhelming. The Godfather is a decent film with some strong acting, but I did not find any exceptional or unique quality in the film that would render it a masterpiece. It's a simple a mob story in which everybody is an antagonist; the story is not gripping, the characters are hard to care about, the camera work is adequate but not in any way remarkable, the list goes on. I don't think The Godfather is a bad movie, but in no way is it the best I've ever seen, or anywhere close.The movie has been so hyped that I really was expecting to see the best movie all time when I watched it. What I saw was a decent flick with some very quotable moments, but in my mind the film has no singular or superior quality when compared to other great films. Monstrously overrated, but still a respectable movie."
"156" "So, the best movie ever? No. Not in my opinion, but I can see where the sayers get it. the Godfather was rather ground breaking film for it's time, a rather bold film, but still it's not the cinematic masterpiece everyone keeps raving about.Coppolas best film is \"Apocalypse, Now\". That is something that is extremely hard to top. When you compare the two the style of directing is so different, that they almost look like they were shot by two different directors.Godfather's biggest issue is poorly made editing, unnecessarily lengthened out scenes and totally unnecessary scenes, but then again what can you expect of a film, which was something, or so I've heard, that even the director was frustrated about. Some scenes just linger on the screen, without any evidence, that the director really knew what he wanted, and, in the end, the producers decided to amp it all in the film just because the material was there.The best thing about the film is acting. There's no way denying that. This is the film, which shows why people think Marlon Brando is one of the greatest actors of the history. This is the film that showed us the genius of Al Pacino.It's been some time since I've seen part 2, but I remember liking it better, I've always thought it was a vast improvement from the first one."
"157" "For mafia members murders are nothing but business. They never kill for pleasure. Only in case of need, cold revenge or even summary justice (punishment of traitors for instance). Besides this they all have normal family lives with most cherished spouses and children and are usually very religious making pompous wedding, christening and funeral ceremonies in the Church or under priests' directions. This reality and atmosphere is splendidly shown in this movie that Coppola directed in a superb way and with a competent and strong hand. The cast has a stupendous performance. Marlon Brando plays a magnificent part in the role of the old godfather of one of American powerful mafia families, mastering his intonation and facial expression effectively thus creating an unforgettable character in the history of cinema. The action unfolds itself along the movie in a very captivating way. I want to stress particularly the sequence of the christening in which the new family godfather (Al Pacino) makes all the oaths in the name of the child (of whom he is also the Catholic godfather) and before the priest while a parallel cut shows us all the time a series of murders of rival mafia chiefs that were taking place at same time in several other places and which had been ordered by himself. The contrast of the religious scene and the violence of the killings is really impressive and full of meaning. This is maybe the best movie about mafia ever made."
"158" "I hate reviewing classic movies, since most have a reputation and I feel like I'm not an actual moviegoer/critic if I don't like the classics or give them a certain rating. Anyway, I finally got to see The Godfather. I was a little disappointed, but I still liked it.In Francis Ford Coppola's Mario Puzo's The Godfather, Al Pacino plays Michael Corleone, son of Don Vito Corleone (Marlon Brando), a famous family mafia. The film goes through their various escapades as a crime family.I really, really enjoyed watching The Godfather. The almost-three-hour runtime seemed to fly by. I was enthralled by the sincerity of the acting and the horrible true-to-life feel of the film. All of the acting was dead-on, although some of the screaming could have been a little better. With up-and-coming stars at the time such as Al Pacino, how can you go wrong?However, with all movies, they can't be perfect. The film could, or should, have had more plot to it. I know it's supposed to be \"a day in the life of\" type movie, but if it had been with one adventure for most of the way it would have helped. Also, there were lots of supporting characters who we can't remember about for three hours. If that wasn't enough, all of the characters looked like either tall or fat white men with thick Italian accents, making them hard to understand (and of course I had to rent the VHS version so I couldn't read subtitles). More towards the end, I couldn't tell who was on whose side. The ending could have been trimmed down a little; the last half hour or so seemed to actually be boring and not very exciting. Maybe Coppola put it in there so the movie could have the designation of being \"one of those long classics\".I was surprised about how little strong language there was for a crime movie like this. I would have guessed all the characters to be swearin' like a sailor, but I was surprised. The amount of blood didn't surprise me, but I commend Coppola for putting so much in.Pacino looked like he does now, minus bags under his eyes. Brando gained about 200 pounds after The Godfather. And, Abe Vigoda looks exactly the same as he did thirty years ago. Yes, that's right. Abe Vigoda is in this movie. Hurray!The Godfather is an entertaining movie that is overrated but still fun to watch as three hours pass.My rating: 7/10Rated R for strong violence, blood, brief nudity, and constant but mainly minor profanity."
"159" "I didn't grow up then but in the modern era having now watched this film it's no 10. The acting is overdone and the multiple characters dropping like flies makes it hard to keep up."
"160" "I saw this for the first time as a teenager and was pretty bored.  At the same time I was seeing things like \"Scarecrow\" and \"Deliverance\" so its not like I was just interested in seeing juvenile nonsense. 
I've seen it again recently, twice.  I admire the movie, I like it, it holds my interest, I think its very good.  But I fail to understand why the imdb trolls think its the greatest thing since the invention of the lightbulb. For that reason I've rated it lower than I normally would cause you've all gone overboard in your admiration.  Pacino not winning an Oscar is a huge injustice.  He makes the entire movie worthwhile and doesn't even have to talk.  James Caan is miscast.  Brando is terrific but if he didn't win, I don't think the earth would have ceased existing.  Its Pacino's movie, through and through, and someone must have agreed w/me on that, since the second one is his, too."
"161" "No doubt a good movie, but to place it among the top ten is foolish. It hasn't introduced anything new at any cinematic level. Its influence on the living trends of cinema is practically zero (no interesting movie made after The Godfather owes anything to it). It's the paradigmatic example of what Fredric Jameson calls nostalgia cinema, a pastiche of the old conventions of gangster movies, a kind of funerary monument. Classical cinema ended long time ago (probably in the fifties), and this movie is just a well-done late survivor, a kind of aesthetic dinosaur."
"162" "Although I have a high regard for THE GODFATHER as a gutsy crime melodrama, I would not place it as the #1 film of all time. That place in cinema history should still go to GONE WITH THE WIND, in my opinion.But it's a brilliant piece of work, gorgeously photographed, extremely well crafted throughout with everyone in the cast perfectly suited to their roles.I read the Mario Puzo novel and it's as though each actor was hand- picked for their roles with uniform precision. Highest ranking among the performances are MARLON BRANDO (although I needed the caption feature to catch all of his mumbled words), AL PACINO, who practically carries the main part of the story with a very earnest, very strong portrayal of the favorite son, JAMES CAAN as the hot-headed Sonny, and DIANE KEATON as the romantic interest (Kay) for Pacino. All of the others do stand-out work, particularly RICHARD COSTELLANO as Clemenza.Rumors that some of the details reflect the story behind Frank Sinatra's desperate quest for the role of Maggio in FROM HERE TO ETERNITY are apparently quite true. After all, here the crooning son who needs to save his fading singing career is eager to get a serious role in a war film that is just right for his own Italian persona. We learn that his sweetheart is also the object of lust by a studio head who has spent millions turning her into a studio star only to risk losing her as a property if she marries the crooner. Sound familiar? It should. Think Ava Gardner and Frank Sinatra. Or even Sinatra and Kim Novak. (Is Harry Cohn the lecherous producer???) But just how many of these details are true, I don't know. I like to think that author Mario Puzo invented some of them.Aside from this aspect of the story, which culminates in a very famous and bloody comeuppance for the uncooperative producer, there are plenty of other gripping sequences where we know something bad is about to happen because of the various injustices within the crime families. This is the hook that ties all of the sequences together and maintains suspense right up until the final touching scene.A brilliant piece of work--but still not at the top of my \"favorite movie\" list. It's a well-structured crime story by a man who really knew how to write for this genre--and a man (Francis Ford Coppola) who really knew how to direct this sort of crime melodrama, so meticulously detailed and realistically set in the 1940s."
"163" "Some memorable sequences, in particular a string of assassinations intercut with the family at church, but too many overly long scenes.  To me the film seems disjointed, and is let down by poor central performances (yes poor) by Brando (hammy), Pacino (stiff) and Keaton (invisible).The Conversation, which Coppola directed a couple of years later, is a better film, with a brilliant performance from Hackman.  But even that takes an hour to get moving."
"164" "The Godfather has set the boundaries off all crime drama films that have ever been shown to people around the world. No one, will ever go beyond this film, it is truly magnificent. The film shows how the Corleone crime family want revenge on the men that tried to destroy them and there old beloved Don. Don Vito Corleone played by Marlon Brando can been seen as some greatest acting that has ever been placed inside Hollywood. The famous line \"I'll make him an offer he cant refuse\" will always be rembered. Brando plays a character that is a family man, who wants to keep his family safe from the underwold. As well as to get out of the family business. He man who never wanted his sons to go join him, but yet he could do nothing about it. He is man of respect, a man who knows when the right time is, no matter what the situatuion is. He is the Godafther. When he was nealry killed by the drug baron called Sollozzo, he knew that his time as Don was up. He knew that there would be war, bloodshed,and that he could do nothung until he was ready again. His oldest son who was hot headed, angary, but a wonderful tactican like a general could never run this family. His second son Fredo was not man enough to to do his job. He youngest son though, the person who killed Sollozzo, was a calm, thoughtfull, ruthless man, and would be the person to take over the family business. Even to his displeasure, that he never wanted this to happen to his son at all, he knew it was the right thing to help bring back the weakened Corleone Crime Family, into where they belong. The king of the American Mafia Underworld, and the only way to do it is to destroy the five familes of New York."
"165" "Very few movie dads come off worse than Vito Corleone. As he postures and pretends to be a man of honor and a man who loves his family, he's all the time setting in motion the elements that will wound or destroy his kids. No man is in the Mafia unless he's just a greedy SOB. So, Don Corleone mortgages his children's future at a very high interest rate in order to become a multimillionaire off of bootlegging, labor-union corruption, gambling and loan-sharking. One son is horribly murdered by a thousand bullets, his only daughter, Connie, is eventually left an embittered and tragic widow before she turns 25, his grandson by Connie is left orphaned thanks to in-house vengeance, his eldest son is corrupted and eventually under the mob thumb in Vegas and his idealistic youngest boy is overwhelmed by the old Mafia game and eventually seizes headship of The Commission by committing one of the worst mass-murders in New York history. Don Vito said in the third scene of this movie, \"A man who doesn't spend time with his family can never be a real man.\" He should have focused on demonstrating values to his family, not just spending all that time with them."
"166" "This movie is probably the most overrated movies on IMDb, if not the most overrated. People on here are looking for too much out of movies and they aren't looking to judge them off of the right things. The movie was shot beautifully, the storyline is pretty interesting, but the movie is long, and dryly drags on and on. TO me the definition of a great movie is a movie that gets my different emotions running, whether it makes me laugh, cry, gets me excited etc. etc., this movie did nothing,I just sat there, I watched the movie, then I thought to myself, this movie is what people consider to be the best movie of all time. THe Best? H*** No, the best movie of all time should make my emotions run in everyway. I'm not saying its a bad movie, but its just not my idea of grade \"A\" entertainment. Definitely not number 1, before you bash me, just think about it."
"167" "I agree that The Godfather is a classic and one of the greatest movies of all time but it bothers me how many people think it is absolutely perfect. It is not perfect, but it still probably deserves the number one spot. It is definitely the best mob movie ever made, but I don't like how people live and die by it."
"168" "Sssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss"
"169" "The Godfather is most peoples favorite movie of all time and that's fine. But for me their are better mob movies that explore the mafia. This movie is an epic such as Saving Private Ryan or Gladiator but it doesn't give you an emotional staying power like these films do. Be that as it may, I really enjoyed The Godfather because it makes the story of these characters believable. The three strong points of this movie are its story, you live this life with these characters and you don't doubt that they had to go through serious heartbreak and triumph throughout their lives. Another strong point is Marlon Brando's performance as Vito Corleone. It is an iconic screen performance and has definitely been copied in later crime movies. It's such an original character. And then the last strong point is the writing, so many memorable quotes are from this film and as they should be. In action movies visual effects and stunt doubles make you feel good. In a great movie like this the action is the dialogue. An overall good movie but extremely slow."
"170" "Amazing film and the shot was cinematic.
I love to watch always."
"171" "I loved this movie a lot and i watched it more than once"
"172" "Amazing!This movie served as great entertainment with a colorful cast"
"173" "Before 'The Godfather' came out in 1972, the gangster genre, chiefly associated with Jimmy Cagney and the film noir style of the forties and fifties, had been in something of a decline. It was, therefore, a brave move for Francis Ford Coppola to attempt a three-hour epic based upon the family life of a Mafia don. The film opens in the immediate post-war period with the wedding of the daughter of Don Vito Corleone. Scenes of the wedding are intercut with scenes showing Don Vito himself in his study, granting favours and dispensing a crude form of justice as though he were an absolute monarch. We soon learn, however, that times are changing, even in the world of organised crime. Don Vito's empire has been based upon gambling, illicit liquor sales and prostitution. Other Mafia families, however, are eager for the profits to be made from drugs, and Corleone receives a proposal from a drug dealer named Sollozzo that the Corleone clan should join him in exploiting the narcotics market. Corleone refuses, ostensibly for business reasons, but it is made clear that his real objections to narcotics derive from his personal code of honour. Sollozzo, offended, orders an attempt to be made on Corleone's life. This fails, but Corleone is left seriously injured.The focus now shifts to the younger generation. Don Vito has three sons, Santino ('Sonny'), Fredo and Michael, and an adopted son, Tom Hagen. These four have contrasting characters. Sonny is hot-headed and impetuous, Fredo weak, Tom cautious and moderate. Michael, the youngest, loves his family, but initially wants to play no part in their criminal enterprises. Recently returned from the war, his ambitions are to qualify as a lawyer and to settle down in a respectable life with his Anglo-Saxon wife-to-be, Kay. The attempt on his father's life, however, persuades Michael that his first loyalty is to the family, and he agrees to be part of a revenge attack on Sollozzo and Captain McCluskey the corrupt policeman who is on his payroll. There follows a brutal cycle of revenge, as each killing is avenged by another murder. The film's emphasis on family ties, honour and vengeance recall the revengers' tragedies of the Shakespearean and Jacobean theatre. Coppola does seem to be aiming for a Shakespearean grandeur. Don Vito, the ageing monarch whose powers slip away is reminiscent of King Lear, Michael, a good man corrupted by power, of Macbeth (a comparison which will become even more apt in the later episodes of the trilogy). There is also something of Hamlet in Michael and Sonny's resolve to avenge their father. Such an ambitious film requires acting of a very high order if it is to seem credible, but Coppola was able to draw upon some of the best performances of the seventies. To my mind, this was Marlon Brando's last great role (I have never cared much for 'Apocalypse Now' and loathed 'Last Tango in Paris'), but it was one that he made the most of. His Don Vito is both terrifying and pitiable, part dictator and part lonely old man. His rasping voice (the result of an earlier bullet wound in the throat) conveys both menace and physical weakness. Don Vito may be a bad man, but he is also in a way a magnificent one, and his passing marks the end of an era. If the film was notable for the last of the great Brando, it also saw the birth of a new star. Except perhaps for 'The Godfather Part II', I have never seen Al Pacino give a better performance than he did here, as he portrayed Michael's passage from a 'civilian' (as his brother calls him) to a warlord, from an innocent young idealist to a ruthless killer. Given the length of time that Pacino is on screen, I am surprised that he was only nominated for Best Supporting Actor rather than Best Actor. It would be interesting to speculate who might have won if he and Brando had been in competition for the award. I am even more surprised that Pacino did not win as Best Supporting Actor; Joel Grey's role in 'Cabaret' (which did win) is more showy and a technical tour de force, but it lacks the emotional depth of Pacino's performance. I also greatly admired James Caan's role as the hot-headed Sonny. This is not a perfect film; it has flaws, both artistic and ethical. Artistically, there are places where it tends to drag, particularly after the killings of Sollozzo and McCluskey, and even more so after the killing of Sonny, although it recovers at the ending, which is a highly effective piece of cinema. Ethically, I felt that the film tended to take the characters' world view too much at face value. Don Vito may be a dictator, but he is in his own eyes a benevolent dictator, a man of honour who lives by his own moral code. As others such as Roger Ebert have pointed out, this is a film which views a closed society from the inside; the only outsider is Kay, and her role is a relatively minor one. As a result, we do not get to see the damage that organised crime does to the fabric of society, and the Mafia's own view of itself is never openly challenged. That is not to say, however, that the film is totally amoral. We do see that an ethos of taking revenge can spiral out of control and lead to unforeseen consequences, to the innocent as well as the guilty. This is particularly true of the scenes where Michael takes refuge in Sicily after killing Sollozzo. The dead man's associates track him down, and a bomb meant for him instead kills his innocent young Italian wife Apollonia. Although there may be no overt condemnation of the moral position of the Mafia, there is implied criticism of its bloodier deeds. All the characters, whatever the crimes of which they may be guilty, are careful to pay lip-service to the Catholic Church and its rituals. Throughout the film (indeed, throughout the trilogy as a whole) the traditional ceremonies of the Church form a backdrop to various criminal activities. ('The Godfather' begins with a wedding and ends with a baptism). It seemed to me that Coppola was using these scenes to make an ironic contrast between the values of organised crime and those of Christianity, especially at the end of the film. Michael, already a 'godfather' in the metaphorical sense of a Mafia boss, becomes one in the literal sense of a baptismal sponsor. Shots of him taking vows on behalf of his godchild to reject the works of the devil are intercut with shots of his enemies being gunned down on his orders.Despite my reservations about this film, and although I personally would not have ranked it as my all-time favourite, there can be no denying that it is a film of great power and a milestone in the history of the cinema. 8/10"
"174" "One thing that's a bit annoying when seeing `The Godfather' is the sense that, as a viewer, you feel you are required to bow down before this film and worship it as movie perfection, or else reveal yourself to be a person of no taste. Well, I can definitely acknowledge that this is a very good movie, but not necessarily great, nor is it on my personal favorites list.
For starters, while this definitely gives you some great characters and atmosphere, there's really nothing in this movie that you couldn't get from reading the book. In fact, the strength of this film comes from the way the director and actors faithfully bring the novel to life.What's best? No question - the acting. Judged on that scale alone, it gets a 10. I cannot disagree with those who state that this combines the best acting performances in American film history. The directing and scriptwriting are also very good, worthy of at least a 9.
What's not so good? The pacing. As others have noted, this film can be boring at times. Most notably, at least for me, was the time spent showing Mike in Sicily after he shot the cop and the Turk. Other than getting married, it doesn't really show him doing much of anything, nor does it really contribute much to the story. In contrast, the book made this particular sub-plot far more interesting and relevant.And that, at heart, is my problem. I've seen the movie and I've read the book. And I far more enjoyed the latter. The book gives all sorts of details the movie skips. For example, in the film, Al Neri is just a guy dressed up as a cop who performs as one of Mike's hit men. In the book, we learn how he went from being a good cop with a bad temper to taking over the role once held by Luca Brasi (another character who is developed far more fully in the book).So there you have it. On the one hand, you have to intellectually acknowledge the great talent displayed in the making of this film, but on the other, I must admit it just isn't very satisfying emotionally. These characters seem cold and distant, and I never really cared much for any of them. In that respect, I much more preferred \"Goodfellas\". The acting wasn't as good, but the characters were far more engaging and the pacing much more lively. In short, `The Godfather' is sort of like a great, but somber, piece of music, something you can admire but not dance to.8/10"
"175" "Think epic novel crossed with Mafia speak.Imagine excellent cinematography and direction, a great musical theme, violence, tragedy, spectacle, and the family, and a cast which can't be faulted, and here you have a film which fits the bill on all counts.Vito Corleone (Marlon Brando in one of his greatest roles, one which he supposedly didn't initially want to play) is the powerful Mafia Don we meet early in the film. He has three sons (Sonny - James Caan; Fredo - John Cazale; and Michael - Al Pacino) and a daughter (Talia Shire), and an adopted son (Tom Hagen - Robert Duvall). These are his beloved family and the centre of his world. His day job involves building his empire by making 'offers you can't refuse'.'The Godfather' was the first film in a trilogy following the fortunes of the Corleone family, and I think the best. It has some well-presented set pieces (Connie's wedding; Sonny's murder; Michael's killing of family enemies in the restaurant; the horse's head in the bed; and Vito's death while playing with his grand-child) and is extremely well-written. The novel itself was more soapy, a work of pulp fiction - the film pulls it together and gives it a bit more class.I particularly like the characterisations of Vito and his sons. Vito is assured in his role at the head of the premier Mafia family. Sonny is a vain libertine who is hot-headed. Fredo is a weak disappointment. Michael takes his place in the family when he has to (in fact throughout the three films he is shown to be far more ruthless than any of his relatives).Is 'The Godfather' the greatest film ever made? No, but it is one of the best. Certainly in the top 10 films of the 1970s."
"176" "Pretty good, but a bore at times. The plot was very good and has some turns, but overall the story unfolded very slowly. Only the actors did a great job to save the day. I was also very impressed by the music, when you closed your eyes, the music alone can put you in the story."
"177" "This was a classic for me when I saw it for the first time, later I made all of my family watch it, we became true la Familia ;) not really a crime syndicate, but rather we loved what we saw in this film. I think this one is the best of the three parts and it is a timeless classic.I think Marlon Brando really deserves the Oscar for his role in this film, just as the film deserves other Oscars that it won.It is hard to add more laudeamus about this film that has already been written, I will let you read other reviews which I read which makes it so interesting to read. I will leave you with a question. How much of this could happen in the real life? I will leave you to wonder."
"178" "This film has spawned so many gangster clichés and parodies that it's not even funny. Every time you've heard of people \"sleeping with da fishies\" or \"making an offer you can't refuse,\" it'll all boil back to this classic, highly-tutted film.On first glance, I dismissed the film as being rather dull, despite a few standout moments. On repeat viewings, I have found it more compelling. The film is most memorable for the scenes everybody knows and loves: the scene with the horse's head, the street fighting scene, Marlon Brando's mumbling, the restaurant shooting, sporadic bursts of gunfights and violence...it's all there. Dialogue dominates most of the film, but when given due attention, the story can be rather gripping and mesmerizing. At this point, the only drag I've felt is in the last thirty minutes or so; the film just kinda winds down after nearly 150 minutes of epic-scale gangster mayhem.The story is long, dense, and chock full of quality characterizations. The film does a fine job of keeping its events in order so that the politics of each situation makes some kind of sense. What matters the most will be the characters, who are endearing, and the underlying themes of family, honor, and loyalty. Family and generations are probably the most blatant themes, especially since most scenes show some strong contrast (or perhaps comparisons) between adults and children.As a film, it looks really classy. Photography never was a huge standout for these films, but the sepia tones and framing lends the movie a type of classic family-portrait appeal. Editing is decent. Acting is probably the biggest virtue here. Marlon Brando chews the scenery, despite his mumbling and constant fiddling with things, he does show endless nuance and expressions that brings Vito Corleone to life really well. Al Pacino must be at his most nuanced as Michael, and the rest of the magnificent cast fulfills their parts well. Writing is decent. This production has good-looking sets, props, and costumes, and is especially noteworthy for its period reproduction. Music is nice too.Everybody should see this at least once in their lifetime.4/5 (Entertainment: Pretty Good | Story: Good | Film: Perfect)"
"179" "There are many mafia movies out there but The Godfather truly stands out among them. And it is not great just because it is one of the first movies in the crime genre but also because of it's great cinematography and outstanding storytelling .If you retell the plot to someone it will sound like it is extremely dull. It's just the story of how a son takes over his father's business. But the way the movie presents this plot (with many betrayals and deaths) makes it great and memorable.The acting is not always good. In some scenes it is extremely bad. Take the scene where Connie starts breaking utensils. The acting in this scene is so bad that when it comes up while I'm watching the movie, I just turn my head away. Of course I should metion that Marlon Brando and Al Pacino do a great job. Their acting is outstanding and deserves the pride it gets.The Godfather is truly a classic in the crime genre that must be on everyone's top movies list."
"180" "Quite possibly the MOST over rated film in history. Never has there been so much made of so little. It is an OK movie if you like discriminate killing and foul language and the glorification of \"gang\" lifestyle. This movie hardly belongs in the top 50 let alone be in the #1 spot. Do you know what the saddest part of this movie is? That it was remade two more times with the Godfather III being quite possible the worst remake EVER. I'm not saying you won't like the movie. It is entertaining at times and certainly some very good lines have come from the movie. I just can't stand when movies can't stand up to their own hype."
"181" "This one is good but not a 10/10 (at least for me)
It's to slow paced just is too long for what is actually happening
And after this movie I just feel exhausted it feels like work and not entertainment
Maybe it was a revelation back then but if you watch this in your 20s for the first time you may be dissapoited sorry"
"182" "When I think of an \"old fashioned\" Hollywood movie I think of The Godfather. Someone who does not appreciate the early makings of Cinema will not enjoy this movie and even see certain scenes as cheesy and not realistic (Ex. When Sonny is shot to death, the marriage with Michael etc.) But when you step back and look at this being something created in 1972 these events come to life you in a new way, hence the title of a \"classic\"In this movie we see the theme of loyalty to family throughout, showing the viewer the importance of sticking with those we are the closest to. We also get to look at the inside of power struggle between different family members and how people can loose respect for an entire family because of one persons actions. This movies gives a great view at the way the world views both people, family and power."
"183" "It is no wonder that the milestone tamil movies like Pudhupettai & Chekka Chivantha Vaanam were heavily inspired from it.
The movie starts with an astounding performance of a guy who later is magnified with few events/dialogues and gets introduced to us as a Gangster/Don/GodFather, although the movie feels more dramatic with a whole lot of family/dramatic scenes, it never keeps us unengaged and later when the unexpected hierarchy of kid gets to pick up the left overs by the big guy with a parallel eventful formation of a new don built upon the legacy of it as the climax forms the crux for its series as a whole."
"184" "Have met others who have seen this movie in other languages and they seem to have the same love and appreciation for it that I do. I love the characters and all of the different personalities that they represent not just in families but in society itself. It seems like the entire cast is part of every other movie that I love as well. The sounds, music, color and light in the film are just as much a part of the film as the people"
"185" "It's hard to find a moment in the film that isn't great. The Godfather lives up to the term masterpiece. A defining film in the history of cinema, \"The Godfather\" introduced a legendary filmmaker and several acting greats in the telling of an Italian American dynasty undone by the tragic circumstances of their criminal exploits. \"The Godfather\" is highly regarded as the greatest American movie of all-time. No other movie has garnered such praise as this movie has. Undoubtedly, everything has been meticulously put together to create an entertaining, captivating, and phenomenal masterpiece. Starring the best actor of all times (this movie can prove it), Marlon Brando, the rebellious prodigy, who electrified a generation and forever transformed the art of screen acting."
"186" "The people who vote on the Internet Movie Database have ranked \"The Godfather\" as the greatest film ever in human history. Which is nothing to sneeze at, and deserves some seriously thought. I watched the film, thought it was great, but hardly found it to be the greatest film ever made. I mean, if you told me \"Citizen Kane\" was the greatest film ever made, I would wholeheartedly agree. And personally, as far as gangster movies go -- with or without Al Pacino -- I think the real choice should be \"Scarface\". But I'm not professionally trained as a movie critic, so maybe I'm missing something.I asked my supervisor and a co-worker about the film, and while they both thought the film was good, they really did not think it was some amazing masterpiece. My supervisor said, \"maybe it's good because it is so real\", but that's not a convincing reason and how \"real\" it is I cannot say for sure.If nothing else, the film might be great simply because it has become so cliché. The horse head, the Marlon Brando voice, the gun behind the toilet and the line \"an offer he can't refuse\" are all part of pop culture these days (over 30 years later). But does being cliché make the film great? I guess that would make \"Star Wars\" the greatest film ever made, which is certainly not true (though not a bad film by any means).And sure, you have powerful and memorable performances. James Caan is amazing, Marlon Brando is a bit over-the-top (a mumbling, lock-jawed godfather? sure...). And Al Pacino is of course great as always, maybe more so here than anywhere else. Not only does he have more range here than any other film than \"Scent of a Woman\" (more often than not he simply repeats a variation of his Michael Corleone role), but he is so young and plain that he is not even recognizable as Al Pacino in many scenes (I didn't recognize him until 30 minutes into the picture).I haven't yet mentioned the plot: an aging mafia boss (Marlon Brando) hands control over to his son (Al Pacino) when the father becomes ill, though he hoped never to do so since his son is Ivy League educated. Brando's role is actually quite small compared to the attention he is given (the film is really about Pacino coming of age).The directing is decent. Nothing special, but not awful, either. Very real and almost gritty (but not dark). The acting is great. The music is perfect. The only thing that really needed work was the fact that many of the Italian scenes had no subtitles and were thus lost in (lack of) translation. The entire Sciliy subplot and Appollonia were excellent and could not have been improved upon.I'm sure much more could have been said, but I'll cut myself off here. Certainly looking forward to Part II (though keeping my hopes and expectations low) and maybe someday I'll see Part III (though I've been warned not to)."
"187" "I finally set out to take three hours to watch \"the best movie ever\" and, frankly, I'm not thrilled. Is it good? It's great. But the best... not even close.8/10"
"188" "While I certainly wouldn't call this THE BEST MOVIE EVER MADE, this movie sure has a lot going for it, starting with the cast. I of course like Brando and Pacino going at it, but my personal faves are James Caan and of course my main man Robert Duvall. All of them give dynamite performances here, forever raising the bar to new actors everywhere. Even though the movie is 3 hours, it hardly ever drags, Coppola has a tight rein on the story (or maybe it's the producers doing that?) and it makes for a highly charged, highly entertaining classic of the first order. Funny as It seems, I only got around to finally watching this movie last year. Although I'm not exactly doing facepalms over the fact I've waited this long to see it, this movie will never grow old with me,"
"189" "In contrast to part 2 this is more loosely structured and sometimes less climactic and also seems more improvised. But thanks to the enormous effort put to detailed cinematography and camera-work it lends itself more to repeated viewings. (One example: when Vito is about to be shot there's a poster on the grocery store announcing a fight of Jake LaMotta thus foreshadowing the assassination attempt).Probably the most interesting is the light and dark contrast between the outer, ordinary world and the inner, godfather world. Even when these two worlds meet in one shot they are still strictly separated by showing two rooms in a way where you watch one world from the other (the end shot e.g. where Kay is seen in one room and the men in another: then the door shuts).Very effective use of mirrors (reflection), doors (separating worlds) and windows (showing perspective). From the back-to-back shots and other shots where an object obscures the picture we can see where many modern filmmakers get their ideas (Kar-Wai for example).Coppola has himself watched Antonioni very well: Scenes where only buildings or spaces are shown to create an alienating effect or just loneliness combined with tension (hospital scene). Or characters disappear and only a static shot of the room is seen to signify emptiness (fight between Connie and Carlo).Especially the end scene is well edited and composed: But they even improved on that scene just two years later."
"190" "They massacred my boy. Its a little bit overrated. But overall æ good movie"
"191" "I know I will be in the minority with this review, but I think \"The Godfather\" and in particular Marlon Brando's performance are completely over rated. I'm not saying it's a bad movie at all, it's a good one, but I don't think it lives up to the hype.Plot In A Paragraph: The Godfather \"Don\" Vito Corleone (Marlon Brando) is the head of the Corleone mafia family in New York. Vito is a powerful man, and is kind to all those who give him respect but is ruthless against those who do not. But a powerful and treacherous rival wants to sell drugs, and Vito refuses his permission or help. What follows is a clash between Vito's old values and the new ways which may cause his youngest son Micheal (Al Pacino) to do the thing he is most reluctant in doing, and join the family business.I found it to be over long and very drawn out. Sometimes a movie nearly three hours long, can feel like an hour and a half, as it is the engrossing and enjoyable the time flies by. This felt like I spent five hours watching it. With the exception of Brando, all the cast are superb. And I don't mean that as a slant at Brando, he does what Brando does. No more no less. Al Pacino, James Caan, and Robert Duvall are all excellent as is Talia Shire (in my second favourite role of hers, behind Adrian in \"Rocky\") and Diane Keaton. Ridiculously quotable, and still a movie I think everyone should see once. It's just over rated"
"192" "I went into the Godfather expecting a masterpiece from all the reviews and how it number 2 or 3 on the IMDb top 250 films. After watching it I found it very disappointing for a few reasons. 1. You can't understand what the Godfather is saying half the time for the most part it all sounds like he's wheezing. If your going to watch this film put on subtitles.2. Its way to long. the movie is just shy of 3 hours long! Thats long enough and especially most of the time nothing is going on. I found myself not paying attention to most of the boring parts in the film and there's a lot. Now I know what your saying, your saying that i don't like long films. To you I say false i don't mind long films like the LOTR Return of the king is 4 hours + in the extended edition but there's a difference LOTR is entertaining there's action going on throughout 80% of the film. Now I'm not saying I hated the movie I'm justing saying it has a few flaws and its not perfect by any means. Now I have yet to see Part 2 maybe that will change my mind but right now it doesn't appeal to me because its 4 hours + long! All I can saying is that it better be more stuff going on in the movie then the first one.8.7/10 not a bad film but a few flaws"
"193" "Best out of all 3, great to watch with friends or family or with your pet. like your cat or maybe your dog spot. well I dont know if his name is really spot or just a nickname. what was it we were talking about? oh yeah, the godfather, great movie."
"194" "Great classic movie, one of the best in the history and master peice in cinema,
Mafia italia"
"195" "This must rank as the best film (along with part 2)of all time.An ensemble performance that has no weak spot."
"196" "\"Marlon Brando is Don Vito Corleone, head of perhaps the most powerful New York-area mafia family in the 1940s, in this well-respected film by director/writer Francis Ford Coppola. As the film begins, Vito is receiving \"business\" guests in his office at his home while his daughter Connie's (Talia Shire) wedding and reception are taking place. The epic plot takes place over many years, telling the story of Vito, his family--including Michael (Al Pacino), Santino (James Caan) and Tom Hagen (Robert Duvall), his associates, and their interactions with other mob syndicates.The Godfather is commonly considered to be one of the \"greatest films of all time\". Even though I've given it a 10, I wouldn't put that same kind of exalted emphasis on it. I've given literally thousands of films 10s over the years, and for me, Godfather just barely made a 10. I think it has a number of flaws, but Coppola also has a knack for transcending the problems with some brilliant move or another. At any rate, it is definitely must-see viewing--even if it's only because it's so highly regarded--if you've not experienced the film yet. I think it's a good idea to attain cultural literacy, and films as popularly loved as The Godfather become necessary elements in achieving that literacy.Shorn of its gangster trappings, The Godfather is sprawling and soap-operatic in tone. The sprawl is appropriate to its origins as a novel by Mario Puzo, who also co-wrote the screenplay with Coppola. There is a large cast of characters--maybe too large, as it can be difficult to keep track of just who everyone is. Even after you've watched the film a couple times you may find scenes where mobsters seem to spontaneously appear and you catch yourself saying, \"Wait, who is that guy supposed to be again?\" The soap opera angle can be a positive or negative depending on your tastes. I tend to not like soap-operatic stories, but of course Coppola put yummy gangster topping on this one to make it palatable for guys like me. At root, though, The Godfather is concerned with realistic depictions of a very dysfunctional family as they try to make it through life--including marriages, births, adultery, spats between family members, tiffs with others in their community, and so on. My theory is that the soap opera angle accounts for much of the film's appeal. For me, it (and the slight lack of focus from the sprawl) accounts for much of the reason that I barely gave the film a 10.But two things help the film transcend a lower score for me. Even though the gangster stuff has been far surpassed in graphic brutality in the intervening years, the dramatic context of the violence usually gives it tremendous impact. Films like Ichi the Killer (2001), which I just watched for the first time the night before watching The Godfather again, make the Godfather's brutality fit for Sesame Street in comparison. However, although Ichi's violence is effective, setting that knob to \"11\" doesn't make it better. Besides, Ichi is so over the top that it would make many Godfather fans want to hurl.To the extent that Coppola and Puzo just focus on the extended Corleone family, they create tremendous depth in their relationships. The whole film can be looked at as a fascinating depiction of \"oscillating\" dynamics in the family, with the pole pairs being interacting/distancing, control/lack of control, benevolence/malevolence. Most character stances and actions are some combination of those ranges of characteristics, and everyone dances around the poles, so to speak, throughout the film. From this angle, even the attractive surface violence (well, attractive to us fans of that stuff in artworks) is mainly there for the purpose of pushing characters more to one pole or the other. There is an implication that underlying these mechanisms is some natural tendency towards achieving (a dynamic) equilibrium.But there are more superficial stylistic factors that help push my score up to a 10, also. The most obvious, which everyone and their grandparents have mentioned, are the performances. It's tough to go wrong when you have a cast including Al Pacino, Marlon Brando, Robert Duvall, James Caan, Diane Keaton, and so on. Another commonly mentioned element that I agree is fantastic and superbly integrated to create atmosphere is Nino Rota's score.Less often mentioned is the consistently intriguing cinematography by Gordon Willis. Most of Willis' unusual shots in the film are so subtle as to be barely noticeable unless you're looking for them. The opening, for example, consists of a long (it lasts a few minutes) \"zoom out\" from Amerigo Bonasera (Salvatore Corsitto). The shot is beautifully lit--most of the frame is extremely dark, giving Bonasera a chiaroscuro effect (the opening is also unusual in that it's a long monologue from a minor character).Willis and Coppola have a knack for placing their actors in the frame to create depth and interesting visual patterns. This is done so slyly that at first blush you wouldn't believe it's something they thought about, but if you keep this in mind while watching, you can see delightful visual paths that zigzag, wind to a focal point, and so on, all created by the confluence of actors and scenery in the frame.If you haven't seen The Godfather before, the most important thing you can do before watching is to forget about all of the \"greatest film of all time\" hype. That's only likely to set up expectations that could never be met; more than likely you'll be disappointed. Just think of it as one of the better films from one of Hollywood's more admirable but relatively odder directors, featuring earlier performances from a very well known cast, and keep in mind that it's as much a \"historical family saga\" as a crime or gangster film. \" I completely agree"
"197" "One of my brothers all times favourite. Classic. I dont remember much about it but cinema was way different than what is now. Movies with such intensity and character are jewels of history."
"198" "This is by far the best movie ever to give a portrait organized crime, this movie goes deep inside and shows it all inside out..With superb acting by especially Al Pacino as Mike Corleone and Marlon Brando as Don Vito corleone this movie shows how one of the head mafia families in New York works, it gives a detailed picture of how their business runs and what kinda chances they got to take on their business, for example their denial to step inside the narcotic business brings on alot of troubles, but also it shows what kinda sacrifices they make, every day could be their last day..Al Pacino shines above all in this movie, as the smart boy of the family he returns after fighting a war for his country, at that time not involved in the family business, but it doesn't take long before the war breaks lose and he see no other ways than to step in and fight for his family.This is definetely a \"must see\" masterpiece."
"199" "The Godfather is one of the very few films that doesn't have a single flaw.  Seeing The Godfather for the first time was the most amazing movie experiences of my life.  There's scenes that stay with you when the movies over, and you don't forget them.   Everyone makes the mistake of calling this film a movie about crime.  Its really a movie about family.  The dialogue is just unbelievable.  I've seen the movie at least 30, 40 times, and I'm still amazed at how perfect it is.  The music, the acting, everything.  People think that Citizen Kane is the greatest movie ever made...well, there's no way  that ANYONE can think that Citizen Kane is more moving, and has a better storyline than The Godfather.  The thing I find so amazing about The Godfather is how Michael (Al Pacino) changes throughout the movie.   Its my opinion that this is the greatest movie ever made, and I doubt that anyone can watch this movie, and think I'm crazy."
"200" "An important place in American history is the period when several thousand Sicilian emigrants went to the United States in search of a new, better life, in which there would be no tyranny of the Palermo and Messinxich dons. Who knew at that time that this \"bunch of Sicilian emigrants\" would occupy a high place in the United States and in the history of this country.Sicily is one of the most beautiful places in Italy. Unfortunately Sicilians, quite friendly inhabitants of this island, the words-synonyms of Sicily are not only olives, butter and wine, but also words like omerta, vendetta and mafia. Yes, the mafia. A small bunch of bandit mackerel in Sicily, run by the Don. In the US, this word took a slightly different meaning. A huge number of gangsters who seek to conquer and rule all the States. A family is a mafia, a mafia is a family headed by a cruel and wise person who manages everything and who owns everything. Proudly and shortly - don.Mario Puzo is a brilliant writer, rightly considered to be a recognized classic of the twentieth-century literature, having written several excellent and worthy works, the best of which is undoubtedly the novel \"The Godfather\". A book about the life of gangsters and revealing all the doors to the world of the mafia. Mario Puzo was a great connoisseur of human psychology, but the psychology of people who transgressed the law especially. That is why in his novel he explores each character to the depths of his soul and climbs into the most intimate corners of their thoughts.The novel, and indeed, the film - is not a direct and reliable historical source, but, nevertheless, it contains the quintessence of the criminal world. Five families of New York Piuso wrote from the real five families of New York, Johnny Fontaine Puzo wrote from Frank Sinatra. The literature was tired of books about Al Capone and Frank Costello, and Puzo made a move to a horse-invented a criminal family that was not really there, but which subsequently won, without exaggeration, the whole world.It often happens that the director, when stating a picture, leaves the original and is engaged in arbitrariness. Francis Ford Coppola director is no less brilliant than the rest of the directors. He squeezed everything that can be learned from the novel Puzo and put it into the film. Doing nothing without adding something new or removing something from the book, Coppola and Puzo created a masterpiece. A masterpiece in everything. Mario Puzo's book became a masterpiece of literature, and Francis Ford Coppola created the film - a masterpiece, a film - a classic that just can not help but like it. Coppola not only superbly put the film, but simply brilliantly picked up the actors. Who knows what was the fate of the film without Marlon Brando and Al Pacino. Coppola skillfully created the atmosphere of New York at the end of the forties, but also the atmosphere of family life, the life of people from Sicily.Vito Carleone is a wise and cruel man with clear principles, a loving but stern father. Marlon Brando was just awesome dona
Carleone. His character is a serious strategist who has achieved power and respect himself. Don Carleone's sad gaze, his smooth gestures, his unique voice and his unforgettable \"bulldog jaw\" forever blended into the image of the viewer.Don Carleone - this is Marlon Brando - sloven and lover in life, but on the screen - a genius who embodied the image of Don Carleone - a strong spirit of a man and a cruel gangster, who has enormous authority. Vito Carleone is a very impressive person who knew how to get others to do things their own way. Marlon Brando with his game was able to make the viewer believe that before him is not just an actor playing a role, but a real person is that same severe don. Brando is a great improvisator.Michael Carleone character is no less interesting than his father. Michael is kind-hearted and truthful, knowing what his father does, he never wanted to deal with his family and participate in criminal quarrels. Al Pacino played his character no less brilliant than Marlon Brando. Pacino showed all the destruction of the human psyche and the transformation of his hero: from the uninitiated in the affairs of the family of the young war hero, to the new Don Carleone, possessing an iron will, foresight, wisdom and dignity.
Sonny Carleone is not at all like Michael and Vito. He is an impulsive warrior, but a bad strategist who prefers to go ahead, not act cunning. Coppola did not lose on the fact that he called for the role of an American from Sicily. James Caan brilliantly played the role of Sonny - a man with an explosive Italian temperament, ready to always stand up for the family.In addition to the brilliant acting and excellent production in the film, there is the wonderful music of the composer Nina Rota. An excellent melody, fallen in love with everyone and has long become a classic.\"Godfather\" is a masterpiece, an ideal gangster movie. The film without minuses, blunders and cliches, which pulls to review, even if you know it by heart. This is a classic, a gangster epic, a bible for cinephiles, giving answers to all the questions. A movie that teems with crown phrases that have long since become part of everyday life. A worthy picture, without exaggeration, is the best in its kind.\"Behind every wealth lies a crime\" (c) - it is this phrase Honore De Balzac stands at the beginning of the work of Puzo. The film, if briefly, actually about it. And about the proposal, \"from which you can not refuse\" (c)."
"201" "There is always a risk when a film becomes a huge part of popular culture. So many of it's iconic moments and scenes are ripped off, riffed on, or parodied by countless shows and movies, that there is always a fear that the original will lose some of it's impact, and become comical and stale. The Godfather, however, disproves this. It is still a masterpiece, and always will be. The story-line proves once again how much the innocent public loves to view the lives of outright evil men, especially when they happen to be of the charming and charismatic variety. Let's look at the most iconic scene; a man chops off a horse's head, and leaves it in his owner's bed in order to scare him into submission. Oh yeah, he's one of the good guys though, so it's okay!Everything is explored in the Godfather, either directly or subtly; family politics, gangland negotiation, corrupt officials, there is no part of the mafia experience that is not pictured here, taken from the viewpoint of Michael, a character whose transition from unwilling family outsider and war-hero into the don himself really gives the film a unique perspective. Of course, for me, out of all the fantastic characters, the film is carried by Marlon Brando. There is something magnetic about his performance, a mixture of loving family man, ruthless career criminal, and sophisticated Sicilian gentleman, that is thrilling to watch. One of the all time greatest acting performances."
"202" "Some people have called this one of the best movies of all time. I can see why they say that, although I wouldn't quite rate it that high. It does feature an interesting storyline, great acting and magnificent photography so I am not going to argue with those who place in so high, because it's understandable. It also has a memorable score.One needs to see this on a nice widescreen DVD because it's so beautifully photographed with tons of greens, grays and browns that are just beautiful. It makes me want to visit Italy. The only reason I personally didn't rate it as high as others was I didn't like any of the characters, and especially the hot-headed James Caan. When he got riddled with bullets and was done with, a la \"Bonnie & Clyde,\" that was fine with me!There isn't as much violence as people might think, if they've never seen this movie. To some, this film might be too slow, in fact. However, when the violence or something dramatic occurs it is intense and can be very brutal. Who can ever forget a guy waking up with a dead, bloody horse in his bed?!! Like a good film noir, there is a lot of tension running throughout the Godfather films. Everybody is after somebody it seems and you never know whom to trust. That's part of the downsides of living a criminal life: constant paranoia. All this is put together nicely as we become close observers of the Corleone family, its family ties and its \"business.\"Marlon Brando, Al Pacino, Robert Duvall, Caan, Robert DeNiro (later in the saga), Talia Shire, Diane Keaton, Sterling Hayden, Richard Conte, John Cazale, Richard Castellano, on and on - quite a cast and quite a movie. I enjoyed both sequels, too.I am also fortunate to own \"The Godfather Epic\" on tape, which must be some sort of collector's item by now. It is three two-hour tapes in which Godfather I and II are sliced together and the story is presented in chronological order, instead of with all the flashbacks. It's well-done and I would have printed a review on that version, but I don't see it listed on IMDb."
"203" "Spoilers herein.Building a life in film is not so much a matter of discovering the worthwhile films, but choosing which of those have the stuff worth building with. I have a clear understanding of what Scorsese is about, which I attribute to the Latin convention for storytelling. This convention is totally invested in characters, not situation or place or God help us, ideas. Scorsese's camera is attached to people, never place. His curiosity is always about people. This is a form of visual gossip that I eschew.So it is with Coppola. But his two projects (the Godfather and Apocalypse journeys) have another merit in how they work with what came before. Apocalypse is far more interesting in this respect. But `Godfather' is very clever in how it places itself. Gangster pictures began as a matter of a pretend world, and became ever more so as the genre matured. Mobsters lived in a world not unlike that of the Roadrunner,  always at a distance from reality, often winking at the audience.Coppola took his focus on the human to this genre. The film itself is no masterpiece without this placement, but is great with it. We inherit all the machinery and momentum of the genre to place behind the characters. Brando understood this, and alone is able to effect the transferral. Pacino would go on to sledgehammer his roles, but is appropriately subdued here.Ted's Evaluation -- 3 of 4: Worth watching."
"204" "Part of the reason that The Godfather has been so popular, is that on first viewing it really does seem to have something for everyone.  It's a thriller, it's a (fascinating) documentary on 'Mafia Code', and half way through, for 45 minutes, a tragic love story.For starters, the acting is sensational.  There are very few people on Earth that cannot identify Marlon Brando's whispering, horse voice and bulldog expression. It has become what is probably the most famous performance in Hollywood's history.  The appearance of Al Pacino in the starring role is also a highlight.  The other highlights are of course the 'sound bytes'. For anyone who has not scene this masterpiece, I will not give the more famous quotes away- but they will be instantly recognisable when heard.This movie is split into three parts- the crime of the family, and its consequences, the exile of Pacino, and the reunion of the family in which the characters carry out the parts of the plot which set us up for the sequel.My only criticism of this film is how long winded it is.  Virtually three hours long, it is so meticulous that it becomes very hard to digest.  While the sequel is very deep and thoughtful, this tries to balance intellect and action- and although to a certain extent it succeeds, you wonder if this film would be a more enjoyable experience if there was less discussion and plot details, and a few more thrills."
"205" "I did get a little bored here and there. But this film is classic. A work of art that will be remembered forever, and I admire the acting. It's so wonderful and you see so many familular faces that you see today. I will never forget \"The Godfather\".9/10"
"206" "\"The Godfather\" is awesome. I could go on all day about all its strengths and why it is such a great movie. Instead I will comment on its weaknesses, or should I say weakness. It's too long. One thing that drives me nuts are movies that are a little bit too lengthy. Otherwise I loved everything about the Godfather.8 out of 10. (Pushing a 9)"
"207" "The first movie I've ever watched that left me with the feeling that I saw something bigger than just a movie. I remember it really well - I was 16, my parents were abroad and I watched it at home with a couple of good friends. When you remember the time and setting you watched a movie so well, it is because it really touched you and influenced you, and that's what I think that movie did to me. You really should watch it. It is an offer you can't refuse!"
"208" "No American filmmaker has had a more disappointing trajectory to his film career than Francis Ford Coppola. To have directed four of the most influential films of the 70's (the first two \"Godfather\" films, \"The Conversation,\" and \"Apocalypse Now\") and then to spend the last two decades churning out one stinky product after another (\"Peggy Sue Got Married,\" \"Bram Stoker's Dracula\", the third \"Godfather\") earns Coppola my award for Most Promising Director Who Most Miserably Failed at Establishing Himself as an Important Figure of American Cinema. But before \"Jack\" there was \"The Godfather.\" While I feel the whole \"Godfather\" trilogy has been lauded into oblivion and is somewhat overrated, who am I to argue with the majority? People think these are great movies, and they've certainly implanted themselves permanently in our cultural consciousness.And don't get me wrong: these films have moments of greatness (at least the first two installments do). But I think \"The Conversation\" and \"Apocalypse Now\" are ultimately more interesting films, and I think Coppola stretched himself more artistically in those two films than he did in the entire \"Godfather\" trilogy combined.Of the trilogy, the first film is by far the best. It shows Coppola's flair for being able to craft a story with extreme mainstream appeal while staying faithful to his artistic vision. \"The Godfather\" doesn't look or sound quite like any gangster film before it, with it's muddy lighting and sound. It's also much more ambiguous morally than the usual Hollywood gangster film, at least any produced up to that point. The line between crime and justice is blurred sometimes beyond distinction, and the Corleone family at times acts with more honor (in its own way) than the institutions charged with upholding freedom, justice and morality. In this way, \"The Godfather\" offered a scathing critique of the foundations on which America as a country was built.Coppola, however, drives this point into the ground over the course of three films. There's really not much more to say after the first film (it's already apparent that Michael Corleone's style of rule is different from his father's, his coldness and ruthlessness necessitated by a changing time), but we have to sit through a nearly 3 1/2 hour second installment that does nothing but reiterate this point again and again. Part II at least is saved by the back story of Vito Corleone (played by Marlon Brando in Part I and Robert De Niro in Part II), and that story alone keeps Part II afloat. But Part III is wholly unnecessary and mars the whole enterprise, turning the franchise into the stuff of parody and camp.Al Pacino is the glue that holds the trilogy together, though his character really isn't as complex as a first viewing would have you believe. The major conflict facing him is resolved in the first film, and the second and third films give him nothing to do but replay what are essentially the same scenes over and over again.Other standouts in the cast include Robert Duvall, Diane Keaton and Talia Shire (who alone makes the third chapter worth watching).Obviously a must see for cinema buffs, or even casual fans, but don't feel you have to label this trilogy as great just because of the reputation that precedes it.My Grade--- Part I: A Part II: B Part III: C-"
"209" "Does it even need to be said that The Godfather is an amazing film? Is there really any purpose at all in pointing out all the things which make it so wonderful? Everybody knows. Everybody will always know. This is a film which will live forever. The story, the performances, the cinematography, the music...all so perfect. And all woven together so wonderfully by director Francis Ford Coppola who created a true classic.There are so very many good reasons why this film will always be remembered so fondly. No matter how many times you see it the film never fails to make an impact. Even if you've seen the film so often you essentially have it memorized line for line and shot for shot it remains a thrilling experience. From the famous opening scene with Marlon Brando's Don Vito Corleone receiving requests for favors on the occasion of his daughter's wedding all the way to the end and the final settling of all family business the film never lets up. It's an undeniably powerful story and one which retains the capacity to surprise. Because initially it seems obvious that the story is about Don Vito Corleone. He is the Godfather after all. But, for as powerful a presence as Brando is, as the story plays itself out there comes the moment where you realize this is the story of Don Vito's son Michael, as played so wonderfully by Al Pacino. When Michael comes into his own the film, gripping from the start, becomes even more compelling. Has any character in any film evolved more than Michael Corleone does here? The Michael we meet at his sister's wedding bears no resemblance to the man we see in the end. And what a performance by Pacino, changing along with his character. What a journey it is for Michael as his story unfolds. And it is quite a ride as well for us who have the privilege of seeing it.Brando and Pacino are the headliners but they are wonderfully supported by an amazing cast which includes the likes of James Caan, Robert Duvall, Diane Keaton and Al Lettieri. And that is just scratching the surface. There are so many memorable characters. And what a world Coppola has created for these characters to inhabit. The film has a unique look and feel to it. The world of The Godfather is quite unlike any other, often imitated but never duplicated. It's a triumph in every sense for Coppola. But perhaps his biggest success is in making you sympathize with the Corleones. We know right from the start that Don Vito Corleone is a man capable of doing monstrous things. But we identify with him anyway. And one cannot help but feel for Michael as he is inexorably pulled into the family business.Everyone has their favorite Godfather characters, favorite moments, favorite lines. The film has become a cultural touchstone. And as it continues to be discovered by new generations it seems that the film, if possible, actually continues to grow in stature. It is a classic film which stands the test of time. The Godfather has earned its place of honor in the history of film. A true masterpiece."
"210" "\"The Godfather\" has long enjoyed a reputation as one of the greatest films of all time. Is that a fair assessment? After re-watching the film recently, I'd say yes.The 'godfather' of the title is Don Vito Corleone (Marlon Brando), the aging head of the Corleone crime family. His time is coming to an end and some of his rivals would like to precipitate that end. When an attempt is made on the Don's life his sons follow in their father's footsteps as they seek to silence their enemies and protect the family interests.The Oscar-winning script was co-written by director Francis Ford Coppola and Mario Puzo, the author of the original novel. While trimmed significantly from the novel the film still clocks in at two hours and forty-five minutes. The film progresses at a stately pace and features countless classic scenes.Coppola's direction received a well-deserved Oscar nomination and so did Nino Rota's score (at least until it was deemed ineligible). Gordon Willis' cinematography is good (but not great) and the film's evocation of the 40's & 50's is both attractive and authentic.As for the actors, Marlon Brando was rewarded with his second Best Actor Oscar for his iconic portrayal of Vito Corleone. Al Pacino was nearly as good in his role as Vito's youngest son but he had to settle for a nomination in the supporting category. He had good company, though, since James Caan and Robert Duvall were also nominated. Any one of these three performances would have been Oscar-worthy. There were also several memorable performances in smaller roles from the likes of John Cazale, Talia Shire, Sterling Hayden and others.Is \"The Godfather\" the best American film of all time? Personally, I don't think so but I wouldn't rank it too far from the top. In any case, this is one of those films that every movie lover should see."
"211" "I bought The Godfather: The Game and was sucked so deeply into it that I wanted to see the movies. My brother kept telling me about how the scenes in the movie played out and that alone was enough to make me buy the entire collection on DVD. I will never regret that decision so long as I live.The Godfather plays out like a documentary with out the corny voice over. The actors in this movie do such a great job it feels as though you aren't watching a movie but are instead watching the individual lives play out. There isn't a plot that can be fingered out. If you had to it would be the war between all the families and the cause of it.Don Vito Corleone is approached by a member of the Tattaglia family to form a deal between the two families in a new business venture: the selling of drugs. Don Corleone, a vigilant believer in the old ways, feels that getting into the business of drugs will draw too much heat. And because of this he refuses the offer that is placed before him.This fuels a fire with the Tattaglia family and it has a domino effect that causes wars between all of the families. The movie revolves around this central premise and comes to a head with the ending of the war. The outcome and what ends the war is also unpredictable and full of strategic writing. And I feel that the ending will surprise any body who doesn't already know how it all does.The only reason I didn't give this movie a 10/10 is because although it is a very entertaining and among the best movies I've ever seen, I don't feel that it is THEE best. There are movies out there that will entertain all audiences and that are just as good. There are movies that I can watch with friends without them growing bored. It gets a 9 because, as much as I love this movie, I can admit that it will only entertain a certain kind of person. I know there are movies that don't have this restriction.A definite must buy for collectors; Make sure you like dramatic movies and not action movies though."
"212" "I was fortunate to see \"The Godfather\" back in 1972 upon its theatrical release. No matter how many \"gangster\" movies were made before this, here we had a different kind of movie. We had a movie foremost about \"family\" and dedication to one another. If you could manage to ignore the fact that this was one of the New York mafia families (set in the 1940s), it was as if we were watching a model family. At once honoring the family patriarch, Don Vito Corleone memorably played by Marlon Brando , and at the same time witnessing the rise of the new family leader, Michael Corleone played by Al Pacino. Equally memorable was the role of Santino 'Sonny' Corleone created by James Caan. And memorable for Robert Duvall who created the quiet role of Tom Hagen. Many list have \"The Godfather\" as number one of all time. To me that doesn't matter, films are meant to be enjoyed each for its own merit. Regardless, there probably will never be a \"gang family\" movie that approaches the overall impact of this one.Coppola directed this movie and its follow-ups. Not all of his have been great efforts. For me \"One From The Heart\", shot entirely on a sound stage, looks and sounds cheap, I consider it a failure. But he also directed such a fun movie as \"Peggy Sue Got Married\", another \"family\" theme. Al Pacino, even though he was 31 during filming, was still essentially an unknown, but his role as Michael put him on the map, and he is still going strong. \"The Godfather\" is a long movie at three hours, but it never seems long, so well told is its story. It is a classic in every respect, and a copy belongs in the library of every serious movie fan."
"213" "It could be said that the film-adaptation of Mario Puzo's novel marked the beginning of a new era, as it established talents hitherto unknown to the wider public, including Al Pacino, Diane Keaton, and director Francis Ford Coppola. Furthermore, THE GODFATHER is often thought of as a \"comeback\" to Marlon Brando, which apparently puzzled the actor himself, as he pointed out in his autobiography that he'd been doing movies without considerable intermission for the last twenty-or-so years. However, the claim may not have been so unreasonable after all, as the role of Vito Corleone made Brando truly sought-after again. By the time Brando embarked on the role, no major studios would hire him due to a reputation for being \"impossible\" to work with, and Coppola was only able to convince Paramount that the actor was simply tailor-made for the part and could not be neglected by having him do a screen-test first. Considering that Brando had once revolutionized acting in America through his raw, unmasked portrayals of Stanley Kowalski and Terry Malloy in the 1950's, this procedure may sound shocking, but once accomplished, Brando proved that he remained the king of acting in the end. His portrayal of Corleone may strike us as being somewhat of a caricature today, as it has been endlessly imitated (and parodied) since, but Brando did in fact attribute the character with far more attention to complex detail than seen in a typical movie \"gangster-boss\" up till that time. That Brando's performance has now, in the eyes of younger generations such as my own, turned somewhat into a cliché is simply the inevitable result of his initial originality.Also Pacino, Keaton, James Caan and Robert Duvall are, of course, quite outstanding in their roles. Particularly in Pacino's case, his handling of his character Michael Corleone's dramatic development as a person which is so crucial to the story, comes off as completely convincing. From being apparently a rather sympathetic character at the beginning, he changes as he becomes increasingly involved in his father's business life. It is this devoted focus on character development, as well as on how conflicting aspects of a personality interchange such as in Vito Corleone's case, that truly make the story so intriguing as it is. However, it is one thing to have a story of nearly endless potential, but this does not necessarily result in a successful cinematic interpretation of it. Other than outstanding performances, the direction of Francis Ford Coppolla is, of course, more than merely significant; even if one neglects the other qualities of the film, it may be treasured for its own sake, due to Coppolla's extremely competent, innovative techniques. There seems to be too many scenes and moments to pick out just one or two favorites; his ability to define the mood and atmosphere of a particular event through a painstaking attention to every single detail, is arguably of equal impact to the story as the performances of the actors, and make the film a visual delight. This is no less impressive when considering that THE GODFATHER was Coppolla's first major film; he was to establish himself further into the decade with other brilliant films such as THE CONVERSATION, APOCALYPSE NOW and this film's second act.When released in 1972, THE GODFATHER turned out to be, not surprisingly, one of the most widely-seen, lavishly- praised films in the history of the medium, and earned three Academy Awards out of eleven nominations (Marlon Brando's refusal to accept the award, due to the \"treatment of American Indians today by the film industry,\" has become famous in its own right). This is not to say, however, that THE GODFATHER is a film one is likely to grasp at first viewing; I, for one, did not quite understand its incredible reputation at first (though I did think it was a good film). Much as with CITIZEN KANE or BLADERUNNER, it is probably required to view THE GODFATHER through an historical context, and compare it to other films made around the same time, to get why it is so much adored. It helps matters that it's not only brilliantly made but really entertaining as well, so you're likely to have a good time no matter how you watch it."
"214" "As much as i did enjoy this film, and was intrigued throughout, I still don't like to see it gain the repetitive status of 'the greatest movie of all time'. I feel a movie has to have a more relevant context than the glamourised lifestyle and crooked dealings of Italian-American mafia to gain such a grand title. However, admittedly, unlike 'The Goodfellas' for instance, 'The godfather' is not glamourised that much, and I'm thankful for Coppolla turning what was at times a tedious book into a 3 hour long gripping tale. I did enjoy the book, but it's lucky that Coppolla was the man who got his hands on it. He turned some of 'The Godfather''s sections into the most mind-bendingly gripping scenes ever.In a film genre that is incredibly overrated, 'The Godfather' certainly stands head and shoulders above the rest, however, i feel it's genre should forever hold it back from being THE greatest movie of all time."
"215" "First time i saw this movie i did not understand the actual realty of movie and characters acting was speech less. Rest i can said when i saw and understand this movie after my 5th 100% successful attempt to watch full movie then i realize this was the awesome movie i need to buy original, and well be in my personal collection . Currently my family and my friends also buy the original blue ray of this movie very hard to find a seller because all want this one to their collection part.fabulous acting, superb story and played with characters am speechless. We all knows we well not again see to like this kind of level of movie in any decades hats off to all super actors in the movie."
"216" "Coppola's near perfect masterpiece. A first class cast including, James Caan, Al Pacino and heavy weight Marlon Brando to name a few. There is not much I can add that hasn't already been written, it frankly is the quintessential family, Mafia gangster film.The 1950's nostalgic feel is captured, distinguished cinematography by Gordon Willis and the script honed. The costumes, locations and sets add to the overall authentic experience. Brando's aged make-up is incredible, particularly for 1972 and apart from some insignificant choppy editing and stock footage the film is near enough picture perfect.Timeless, compulsive viewing, there is a reason why The Godfather is on a pedestal as one of the greatest movies or of all time<U+0085> There is no offer to refuse, it's a must see."
"217" "Here it is, the big boss man Vito is sitting in his gold chair, petting his cat, showing power. The poor man is begging for money from Vito but Vito just taunts him. This is one of the first scenes and probably one of the greatest scene in the movie because it shows how dramatic the movie is by the Vito showing power and wealth by petting a cat and sitting in a gold chair.
As I was watching this scene I thought I might give my opinion and review on the movie The Godfather. I think that The Godfather is a great movie for the time period it was made in. When it was made there wasn't a lot of technology they could use. But the movie is ultimately dramatic in a good way and it really expresses the characters feelings and emotions. Even though it is fictionalized The Godfather does add historic information to build off their plot which I love that the director did that. They also used one of the most amazing soundtracks I have heard in a movie. If that's not enough to convince you to watch it then I don't know what will.The movie is set in the 1950's where mafia superpowers are fighting for more power in New York. But this movie focuses on one specific family, the Corleone family. But when the leader of the family, Vito, gets in trouble with the other families he asks his son, Michael, to join the mafia and Michael reluctantly joins the mafia. But Michael starts getting involved in the violence in the mafia and he tries to maintain a normal relationship with his wife but ultimately keeps getting dragged deeper and deeper into the dirty, family business.One reason you should watch this movie is because even though it is old it got multiple awards for best actors and best pictures in 1973. To add on to that it got the BAFTA award for best film music. Now this is important because you can enjoy this movie, even though its old, and you can really experience the dramatic fashion of this movie because of the best actor awards and the best film music contributing to the greatness.Think about it, Vito's men are getting threatened and Vito is not having any of that. Then all of a sudden one of his men are killed and he says this line \"Revenge is best served cold\". Then out of nowhere two of Vito's men drowns another man that was apart of the gang threatening Vito and his gang. I love this line because it shows how dramatic the movie can be and how it expressive Vito is to go through with the murder.The movie is really good and I suggest that you give it a watch. It is definitely worth your time and is a 70's classic. And all the achievements and lines from this movie is amazing and will executed. Also this movie also influenced me to really go and try out different things outside my comfort zone. I really hope this review convinced you to give it a watch and this movie shows that joining gangs only leads to violence so don't join a gang."
"218" "One of the most amazing Movies in the history. Very close to the original source and masterfully done. I believe everyone should check out this masterpiece."
"219" "Classic, contemporary, contemporary, fantastic What to say more about a film that perfectly portrays a system that existed and exists until today?! Congratulations on the job. And watch it, a must for any movie lover."
"220" "One of the best trilogy made till date. Despite the slow move of the movie sequences it catches the attention of the viewer. A better way to represent the DON families of that time."
"221" "Rarely has a sequel been better than the original and in this case that is saying a lot. The Godfather 2 has Francis Ford Coppola bettering his original film which is such a tall task seeing as The Godfather was already so well received upon release. All emotions one can find in a life are presented here. Al Pacino is absolutely sublime as Michael Corleone who has taken over the business and family even though he is young. All the actors are so good you cannot fathom anyone else in their roles. The cinematography is exquisite and the direction so good it makes you wonder what happened to Coppola come the 80s. This is a must watch for any person who appreciates cinema."
"222" "I understand that this film has been argued as flawless, but I'm giving it a nine based on two reasons from a personal standpoint. This film can drag on at times which can become a bit dull and Goodfellas I think is a better film so I can't possibly give The Godfather a ten. That being said this film still lives up to the hype. The story is fascinating, the characters are well structured and this movie can really bring out every human emotion in its audience. The runtime be damned, this is a film you can easily watch over and over again."
"223" "This isn't just a beautifully crafted gangster film. Or an outstanding family portrait, for that matter. An amazing period piece. A character study. A lesson in filmmaking and an inspiration to generations of actors, directors, screenwriters and producers. For me, this is more: this is the definitive film. 10 stars out of 10.Favorite films: IMDb.com/list/mkjOKvqlSBs/Lesser-Known Masterpieces: imdb.com/list/ls070242495/"
"224" "Rather than concentrating on everything that is great about The Godfather, a much easier way for me to judge its quality is on what is bad about it. Almost every film has something that I don't like about it, but I can honestly say that I wouldn't change anything about The Godfather. There is nothing weak about it and nothing that stands out as bad. That's why it gets ten out of ten.This is one of those films that made me wonder why I hadn't seen it earlier. The acting from everyone involved is great, Marlon Brando comes across perfectly as the head of the family, and James Caan and Al Pacino are excellent as his sons. The soundtrack by Nino Rota is also very memorable, bringing back memories of the film every time I hear it. The plot has to be excellent for it to get ten out of ten, and it is, it's far from predictable and the film is the definition of a great epic.The film is pretty shocking in the way every death occurs almost instantaneously, and as it spans ten years so many different things happen and every minute of it is great entertainment. It's a well-made and entertaining film that is only the first part of a trilogy, but it stands on its own as a wonderful film in its own right. If you haven't seen it, what are you waiting for? This was one acclaimed film that didn't disappoint."
"225" "Tell me a movie that is more famous than this. Tell me a movie that has had more parodies spinned off its storyline than this. Tell me one movie that has been as quoted as a much as this. The answer is you can't. No movie has had as much of an impact as The Godfather has had ever since it was released.The acting was simply amazing, what else could you say. What could be more appealing to people(even today) than watching actors like Al Pacino, Marlon Brando, James Caan, Diane Keaton, Talia Shire and Robert Duvall. This is like heaven for someone who is a fan of movies. With this movie Brando was able to bring himself back into the limelight. His performance as the godfather alone is iconic. His character has been recreated so much in films that it has almost if it has not already become a cliché. His performance though was not a cliché. His performance was subtle and breathtaking. It was so genuine and realistic that it was not just probably but definitely more genuine than Marlon Brando himself. Al Pacino was perfect for this film as well. What a way to start up your career. His character was all about depth and he displayed it perfectly. He was able to display his own inner-battles in his mind as well as the battles he had with his family, friends and enemies. His character was more of a psychological character study than anything else to me. Robert Duvall to me was the glue to the movie. He added a different perspective to everything in just that he was not Italian yet having the respect of the mafia. His character is a man of high authority within the Corleone family who was listened to and insightful;. This was simply perfect giving the film great balance throughout. The rest of the cast was just icing on the cake.The writing was phenomenal and breathtaking. As mentioned before there has been no movie quoted more than this. It is not even the quotes though that makes the writing in here so perfect. It is the symbolism and meaning that went into every scene. There are countless symbols, messages and lines in here that are so memorable yet it is as realistic as a movie could get.The directing by Coppola was perfect as well. Not many movies can be 3 hours and yet maintain a good level of interest from the audience like The Godfather. Coppola deserves credit for this. The symbolism and messages that went into every scene also has to do with the directing not just the writing. The movie is so well edited and strung together that the only word that could come to my mind is perfection.The cinematography and music were perfect. The score of this movie is one of the most memorable ever. If you were to hear it you could identify it right away. The cinematography was what actually really drove this movie. The Godfather seems to have this mystique to it, it gives you the feeling you are watching something truly remarkable.The horse's head, the scene of Brando running with his groceries, the coffee shop scene, \"I'll give him an offer he can't refuse\" and countless other scenes and quotes from this movie have become a part of our culture. These scenes and lines have been recycled over and over again in comedies, commercials, etc. that it is impossible to avoid the greatness of The Godfather. The Godfather is like a disease once you see it you fall in love with it. I don't know if it is the greatest movie ever but it is definitely the most iconic film ever made."
"226" "The Godfather is one of the few films in which I personally did not find any significant weakness even after many viewings. From the direction, to the acting, to the storyline, to the score, The Godfather has the word classic written all over, and it really is not much of a surprise that it is now considered by many one of the top five movies of all time. Perhaps when it comes to cinematic techniques The Godfather has not been as revolutionary as Citizen Kane, but its influence on motion pictures is comparable. Rarely a movie has defined or re-defined a genre as much as this one did for \"gangster movies\", but its influence goes well beyond that.The Godfather's influence has been so big through the years that elements of it can be found in virtually every \"organized crime film\" nowadays; almost every comedy featuring a gangster in the last few years has spoofed something in The Godfather. The Italian-American old mobster a-la Don Vito Corleone has become one of the most established figures in the public's imagination.But to say that The Godfather is simply \"influential\" is to diminish its true qualities, and so is to describe it simply as \"a movie about gangsters\". The Mafia is certainly the main focus the story revolves around (despite the fact that the word is never mentioned), but although the movie never tries to forcedly insert separate subjects it contains an amount of psychological and social subtexts that cannot be overlooked. Considerations on how the social environments changes us, on how moral values appear different from different point of views, on how violence can destroy a human soul, and on how power can corrupt an individual are deeply blended into a story that stays practically always true to complete realism, and the result is a picture of astonishing efficacy and believability.As good as the direction and the story are, it would be unfair not to consider the major role that the actors' performances had in the cinematic triumph that was The Godfather. Praised by many as the best cast to ever appear in an American movie, all the cast in The Godfather succeeds in portraying complex, three-dimensional characters without ever making a slip. The exceptional portrayals of Don Vito and Michael Corleone respectively by Marlon Brando and Al Pacino, the performances by Robert Duvall, James Caan and Diane Keaton as Tom Hagen, Santino Corleone and Kay Adams, the ruthless Virgil Sollozzo played by Al Lettieri -- as well as more than a few other roles -- are all perfect for the movie, and they all succeed in making us believe these are real people, not just actors. We are not watching a central character and a bunch of incomplete figures that revolve around him: although Michael Corleone is the character that gets the most screen time, everybody is the center of this world his own way. The movie makes it possible for the viewers to identify with different characters and to observe how their personality and story fits in, and it does it much more effectively than many bloated multiple-storyline movies that came out in the last few years.The movie opens on the wedding of Don Vito Corleone's daughter, Connie (Talia Shire). Don Corleone is a powerful man, and it was not without the use of violence that he achieved this position during the course of his life. The wedding scene gives a perfect setting of where and how the Don's power extends; from the regular worker in a neighborhood, to the immensely popular singer, to the friends in politics and right to the ruthless killer, Don Corleone has links to people ready to ask him favors and to pay him back. Some are trustworthy, some are not, but thanks to his intelligence and intuit the Don can almost always distinguish the two.However, this is 1946, times are changing, and to many of the younger people working in the crime business, Don Corleone's ideas are becoming obsolete. The Don believes that the new trend in the business, narcotics, is too dangerous and the families dealing with it would eventually end up self-destroying; while his family had deals in alcohol and gambling for a long time, part of the Government and law enforcement was ready to close one eye. Drugs are another thing.To this day, Don Corleone was able to keep things together while maintaining his economic and political power, but things will brutally change when a powerful drug dealer name Sollozzo enters the picture. The refusal of Don Corleone to cooperate with Sollozzo, and a weakness immediately spotted by the latter, will ignite a war that will cost many lives, and that will see Michael Corleone, Vito's younger son and the one who never wanted to take part in the family business, lose his \"innocence\" and transform into a gangster as ruthless as the people he initially stood up against.I purposely decided not to spoil much about the plot because I believe that the film is perfectly enjoyed without knowing anything in advance, and -- believe it or not -- there are still quite a lot of people who have never seen this movie. There are multiple scenes that manage to create an incredible tension, various twists, and although like any other masterpiece The Godfather can be watched knowing the whole story beforehand and still be a phenomenal experience, I believe it is always a pleasure to see it for the first time and enjoy its multiple climaxes. Besides, to outline such complicated characters and such an emotionally intense story in a short review like this one would be inadmissible.There has been much speculation on how the events in The Godfather novel written by Mario Puzo, the book the film is based on, could be an exposé of true facts. Many believe that the character of Johnny Fontane , for instance, was based on Frank Sinatra's real life, and many of the other characters were modeled after real people. I won't go into that: frankly, I have no idea whether these voices are reliable, although the Frank Sinatra reference seems obviously quite believable.The cinematography of The Godfather is dark and tasteful, and colors are used perfectly to give a true feel of the era it is set in. There is a fair amount of violence, though rarely gratuitous.The Godfather certainly doesn't need my recommendation. The film is universally considered one of the best of all time, and the performances by Pacino and Brando alone is the stuff of legends."
"227" "This is a masterpiece. A timeless masterpiece. Initially, I didn't like this film all that much - I found it rather over-hyped and boring. This was until the advent of DVD, which gave me the feature I needed for this sort of film: subtitles. Once I switched them on and heard (read) every last word of Brando's ramblings and other characters ramblings, I grew a true appreciation for this epic.To make a true epic, you need all of three following ingredients working in near perfect harmony. For screenwriters who come across this, take the following pointers on board: 1) Contrasting Characters: Good films have some character distinction, but most fall rather flat because the core of each character is the same.Of course, there are exceptions to rule (ie... where you want mono-tonal characters... aka matrix; or where you want outlandish contrasts... aka The Fifth Element), but ultimately, this is what makes films deep, meaningful and grand. Consider the contrasts between the Don's children. Michael is rather cool, rational and collected, whereas Sonny is more hot-headed, spontaneous and simple minded. But simply having these contrasts is not nearly enough. What you really need to do is to develop these characters - place them in situations - and then dwell on how their character impacts on the situation they're put in. The Godfather is a terrific example of how to pull this off. While many try to do this in screenplays, most lose the plot and create character obscurities that stretch credibility.2) Transformation: The central character(s) must undergo a transformation, resulting in them being almost unrecognizable by the end of the film. By putting them into situations, the character's character must not only influence the outcome of the situation; it must also have a lasting impact on the character. Consider Michael at the wedding and compare that to the Michael we see at the end of the film. Again, many films try, but most fail because they come up with unreal (literally, not praisingly) or simply moronic transformations (eg, Wall Street).3) Patience: Men in Black 2 was an astounding film for one simple reason - it was an entire film squashed into about 70 minutes. It was not much longer than an episode of ER or Buffy. I certainly hope the new goal of Hollywood isn't to make films as short as possible.All the great ones spend time - time developing characters, family life, growth, patience with the story telling in general. This is the key (provided that the story isn't mind-numbingly boring). Dances with Wolves, Heat.. and so on are very patient but top-class films. While studios may be lukewarm on the idea of longer films, they are worth it if you have a ripper story to base it on.I feel that this film has not dated all that much and has tremendous re-watch-ability."
"228" "I love this movie and all of the GF movies. I see something new every time I have seen it (countless, truly). The story of tragedy and (little) comedy that exists in this film is easily understood by people all over the world. This film has been called an American story however I have met others who have seen this movie in other languages and they seem to have the same love and appreciation for it that I do. I love the characters and all of the different personalities that they represent not just in families but in society itself. It seems like the entire cast is part of every other movie that I love as well. The sounds, music, color and light in the film are just as much a part of the film as the people. This could be attributed to the method in which it was filmed. At many parts of the film I can still find myself feeling the emotions conveyed in the film. I never tire of appreciating this film. I thank God that FFC is an American treasure. We are fortunate to have him."
"229" "This must rank as the best film (along with part 2)of all time.An ensemble performance that has no weak spot.Particularly, John Cazale ( Fredo) and Richard Castellano ( Clemenza) give wonderfully understated performances. You just have to believe that Castellano WAS Clemenza, he brings a real touch to his role.John Cazale brings the troubled Fredo to life, and you can see the weak Fredo desperately trying to live up to the family reputation but knowing that he can never be what his father wants. The story of one man's reluctance to be drawn into the murky family business,and his gradual change through circumstance, paints a vivid picture of this violent period of US history.Do not miss this film!"
"230" "\"The Godfather\" simply put, is one of the greatest films of all time. The script is thee best I've ever read. The direction is flawless. The acting may very well have the best ensemble cast in any movie I've ever seen or will ever see. It's also one of the most precise and intricate films I've ever come across as writer, Mario Puzo brings out some of the most hidden and guarded secrets of the underground world ever captured on film. Watching \"The Godfather,\" is like watching cinematic art. Francis Ford Coppola's direction is what brings this film, that's so ambitious and so grand, down to earth with precision direction as he handles each and every scene with such care. The film starts with a black screen and an opening monologue from an undertaker. As the man starts talking about honor, family, respect, and justice we are pulled right in on his luminous eyes as he stands in near darkness. He begs for justice since the American system has failed him. He goes to Don Corleone (Marlon Brando) for justice. Don Vito is the man of power. He's the one who pulls all the strings and watches his puppets dance from behind the stage and out of sight; untouchable, or so we think. Some of the greatest moments in the film- and very intentional to show the distinguishable difference between Michael and Vito- are of Vito crying over his son, Sonny's (James Caan), death. When Michael learns of the news, he has little reaction. Two of the most emotionally powerful scenes in the film are from the cause of a loved one that has died long before he should have, and they come from Brando. As Vito stands over the body of his son he nearly breaks down. There is clash of feelings between the two men that are never conflicting, but compared. The film opens during the wedding of Don Vito' daughter, Connie (Talia Shire), and we see just how strong the bond of family really is. You have the family dancing with each other, drinking, laughing, and sitting next to each other to show how close they are, then we see some of the outsiders such as the Barzini family, and surprisingly Michael (Al Pacino) along with his girlfriend Kay (Diane Keaton) on the outskirts without much interaction. Michael seems almost out of place as if he is the adopted son and Tom Hagen (Robert Duvall) is more apart of the family than he is. His opening words are to Kay, and they include, \"That's my family, Kay. That's not me.\" We get the feeling that Michael's nearly ashamed of the stigma that goes along with his last name: This is what makes Al Pacino' role- significantly- the hardest performance in the entire film to portray. He's the one doing all the heavy lifting as he has to go from outsider and completely against the family's actions and businesses to, by films end, head of the family. Brando has the teary eyed moments that actors live for, but Michael is too cold for that. Never for a second as he gradually comes to power do we think this turn is ridiculous or laughable, and in lesser hands it very easily could have been. The final act of the film is loaded with plot points as decisions are made left and right as the film becomes visually and emotionally captivating. As the film draws to an end, Michael has gained half of the power of the family and makes most of the decisions. He's treated, not with respect, but as an outsider, too high ranking for his experience. The Corleone family is on the brink of disaster and losing everything, yet we never get that feeling. We see the two leader's confidence and we keep our confidence in them, even if the other family members doubt their decisions. Michael goes to Las Vegas and makes Moe Greene an offer he can't refuse. Then he refuses. This is Pacino' shinning moment in the film. There's no screaming or the hoopla that goes along with his name. After he treats Moe Greene like utter garbage, Fredo (John Cazale) get's upset and starts barking at him. Coppola is perfectly on his game here, too, as we watch from Fredo's height, looking down on Michael who sits in a chair as he coldly looks up with his radiating eyes, that have so much going on behind them, and simply says, \"Fredo, don't ever take sides with anyone against family again. Ever.\"That's some serious foreshadowing for the second film, and only after watching the second film can you go back and appreciate what Pacino and Coppola pulled off in this scene; Cazale too. We have no idea how serious Michael is. These are some of the stepping stones that make Michael's change believable. He's not quite his father- Vito has a soft spot for his children (admittedly so)- as he's capable of turning on anyone and using the line, \"It's strictly business\" when it comes to family issues. Michael's sister, Connie, calls him a \"cold hearted bastard\" at the end of the film. It's hard to find better superlatives than that, yet we still love him. The interesting thing about Pacino' performance is that he doesn't sugarcoat it. He doesn't try to make the audience love him. He plays the character as the character should be played. That's the sign of great writing; great acting; and great directing since we could have very easily seen someone try to make him likable. This crew just presents the character with all his flaws and let's us decide if we love him or hate him. Its films like \"The Godfather,\" that made me wish I had amnesia, so I could feel the same heart pounding moments over and over again."
"231" "This movie is strong, good script, great casting, excellent acting, and over the top directing.  It is hard to fine a movie done this well, it is 29 years old and has aged well.  Even if the viewer does not like mafia type of movies, he or she will watch the entire film, the audiences is glued to what will happen next as the film progresses.  Its about, family, loyalty, greed, relationships, and real life.  This is a great mix, and the artistic style make the film memorable."
"232" "The godfather trilogy is an exclusive set of movies that will continue to live with humanity, every generation will see them to say, \"Oh that was 10 out of 10.\" If you watch them you will know that the world that lives inside the underworld is same as the one we live in except that people in underworld are so smart, in fact smartness is the only thing that can keep them there. Don Vito Caroleone's early life shown in part-II is very well done to show the Don in making, how a kid who couldn't even tell his name went on becoming a underworld don who keep most senators, judges and lawyers in his pocket. Meeting of don with the so call five families are among most impressive scenes.A saga that goes on for 9 continuous hours takes you around various walks in life of Mike (Don's younger son who become Don later), his school days, love life, personal life, family life, business life, political life and religious life. How all of these different roles Mike plays in his life and how intertwined these are.I enjoyed watching these movies so much, I wish I had seen them much before then I did. Its amazing to see how the Part-III was made 18 years later the part-I was made and everything looks so continuous if watch them together.I need not say much! The Godfather father trilogy been around for a while and everyone knows that they are great set of movies, its just the matter of when you actually get to see them.Watch them! Kudos to Francis Ford Coppola! -Vishy"
"233" "\"The Godfather\" is a huge piece of film entertaining, involving sentiment, nostalgia, filial affection, pride, integrity, loyalty, corruption, honor, betrayal and crime... Within weeks of its release, it was clearly a blockbuster, a cinematic phenomenon, an exquisite Mafia epic with outstanding performances... Coppola got everything right, creating a landmark in American cinema...His film acutely details the inner workings of the criminal \"families,\" and the ruthlessness of those in organized crime, but also examines their steadfast loyalty, love for blood relations, and code of ethics... Coppola and Puzo subtly weave a complex narrative with themes of hypocrisy, power, and corruption which stands as a pulsating reflection of our uncertain times... With his raspy voice, deliberate movements, and penetrating stare, Brando creates a personage that will be remembered for ever... The line \"I'm gonna make him an offer he can't refuse\" has reached legendary statues... Brando's Don Corleone is the moral center of the film: a tough, wise, feared old Sicilian who has risen to become an all powerful leader in an empire of Italian-American organized crime...While crime may be the first image that comes into one's mind in the film, violence plays a vital part in this complicated tale... Brando is the head of one of the five families who are said to control the Mafia in the area of New York... He is opposed to any involvement in drugs, and refuses to risk his political contacts and prestige for such putrefied money... He is behind the time but he understands that society is not alarmed by \"liquor, gambling, and even women...\" He is also a loving family man... His sons, relatives and friends are part of his operations... He despises displays of weakness... He understands the strength of power and his wordless sympathy for Michael when he is forced to assume the \"sovereignty.\" In the outdoor garden, father and son are affectionate to each other, but cannot express their emotions openly...The Corleones are a warm, close family and the motion picture (with l0 Oscar Nominations) shows the flavor of Italian-American home life... Don Corleone is an undisputed patriarch, and as played by Brando, he has almost the manner of a religious leader... His voice is quite and rasping, his chin stands as a symbol of his authority, and men kisses his hand as they ask for his favors... He is a charismatic leader and his eyes reflect his kind heart as his implacability...Pacino's gradual and subtle transformation is the heart of the film... From a gentle man to one of the most cunning, ruthless, and cold-blooded man ever to come on the screen, he has learned from his father never to talk in front of outsiders and always keep his own counsel... His commandment \"Never to take sides against the Family.\" The opening shot of \"The Godfather\" sets the tone of the film as Don Corleone and some of his family listen to an undertaker, Amerigo Bonasera (Salvatore Cirsitto), pleading for justice for the near-rape and brutal beating suffered by his daughter...Attending the wedding of his sister Connie to young bookmaker Carlo Rizzi, Michael, a highly decorated Marine captain from World War II, points out the other guests to Kate (Diane Keaton), his non-Italian girlfriend... In the same time Coppola introduces us to his large cast of characters:Sonny (James Caan), the rough, hot-headed impulsive kid who never really grew up; Fredo (John Cazale), the troubled, shy, weak young man who can't seem to do anything right; Tom (Robert Duvall), the right-hand man, the legal adviser and adopted son to the Godfather<U+0097> steady, reliable, always thinking, always controlled; Connie (Talia Shire), the battered wife and rebellious sister, who achieves and promotes the movie's most horrific scene; Johnny Fontane (Al Martine), the idol star whose tears set up the shocking moment when a movie \"big shot\" named Jack Woltz (John Marley) finds himself in an horrifying pool of blood; Luca Brasi (Lenny Montana), the giant criminal thug, one of Corleone's most trusted enforcers; Tessio (Abbe Vigoda), the fearsome tall enforcer who implies the possibility of violent revenge guaranteeing Michael's safety; and Clemenza (Richard Castellano), the other faithful enforcer...With a beautiful score by Nino Rota immensely memorable, Coppola's motion picture remains a triumph, nearly perfect in its execution, composition, and impact..."
"234" "One of the great movies of its time. Before, and even now is admire as one of the most classic and greatest films of all time. And I agree. I remember when I first watched it I never thought that Sonny would be the one killed, and Michael being the one taking over the family, and ruling with an iron fist. I have to watch at least one or two times a year."
"235" "Engrossing motion picture that features some of the finest editing, cinematography and performances ever. There is a wonderful theme of family that runs through this film and its later sequels. No one is truly judged. Love is unconditional. God is the one who truly judges. Easily, the word masterpiece describes this film, but that's been said by so many...Who am I to argue? Masterpiece is right on the money."
"236" "Marlon Brando is Don Vito Corleone, head of perhaps the most powerful New York-area mafia family in the 1940s, in this well-respected film by director/writer Francis Ford Coppola. As the film begins, Vito is receiving \"business\" guests in his office at his home while his daughter Connie's (Talia Shire) wedding and reception are taking place. The epic plot takes place over many years, telling the story of Vito, his family--including Michael (Al Pacino), Santino (James Caan) and Tom Hagen (Robert Duvall), his associates, and their interactions with other mob syndicates.The Godfather is commonly considered to be one of the \"greatest films of all time\". Even though I've given it a 10, I wouldn't put that same kind of exalted emphasis on it. I've given literally thousands of films 10s over the years, and for me, Godfather just barely made a 10. I think it has a number of flaws, but Coppola also has a knack for transcending the problems with some brilliant move or another. At any rate, it is definitely must-see viewing--even if it's only because it's so highly regarded--if you've not experienced the film yet. I think it's a good idea to attain cultural literacy, and films as popularly loved as The Godfather become necessary elements in achieving that literacy.Shorn of its gangster trappings, The Godfather is sprawling and soap-operatic in tone. The sprawl is appropriate to its origins as a novel by Mario Puzo, who also co-wrote the screenplay with Coppola. There is a large cast of characters--maybe too large, as it can be difficult to keep track of just who everyone is. Even after you've watched the film a couple times you may find scenes where mobsters seem to spontaneously appear and you catch yourself saying, \"Wait, who is that guy supposed to be again?\" The soap opera angle can be a positive or negative depending on your tastes. I tend to not like soap-operatic stories, but of course Coppola put yummy gangster topping on this one to make it palatable for guys like me. At root, though, The Godfather is concerned with realistic depictions of a very dysfunctional family as they try to make it through life--including marriages, births, adultery, spats between family members, tiffs with others in their community, and so on. My theory is that the soap opera angle accounts for much of the film's appeal. For me, it (and the slight lack of focus from the sprawl) accounts for much of the reason that I barely gave the film a 10.But two things help the film transcend a lower score for me. Even though the gangster stuff has been far surpassed in graphic brutality in the intervening years, the dramatic context of the violence usually gives it tremendous impact. Films like Ichi the Killer (2001), which I just watched for the first time the night before watching The Godfather again, make the Godfather's brutality fit for Sesame Street in comparison. However, although Ichi's violence is effective, setting that knob to \"11\" doesn't make it better. Besides, Ichi is so over the top that it would make many Godfather fans want to hurl.To the extent that Coppola and Puzo just focus on the extended Corleone family, they create tremendous depth in their relationships. The whole film can be looked at as a fascinating depiction of \"oscillating\" dynamics in the family, with the pole pairs being interacting/distancing, control/lack of control, benevolence/malevolence. Most character stances and actions are some combination of those ranges of characteristics, and everyone dances around the poles, so to speak, throughout the film. From this angle, even the attractive surface violence (well, attractive to us fans of that stuff in artworks) is mainly there for the purpose of pushing characters more to one pole or the other. There is an implication that underlying these mechanisms is some natural tendency towards achieving (a dynamic) equilibrium.But there are more superficial stylistic factors that help push my score up to a 10, also. The most obvious, which everyone and their grandparents have mentioned, are the performances. It's tough to go wrong when you have a cast including Al Pacino, Marlon Brando, Robert Duvall, James Caan, Diane Keaton, and so on. Another commonly mentioned element that I agree is fantastic and superbly integrated to create atmosphere is Nino Rota's score.Less often mentioned is the consistently intriguing cinematography by Gordon Willis. Most of Willis' unusual shots in the film are so subtle as to be barely noticeable unless you're looking for them. The opening, for example, consists of a long (it lasts a few minutes) \"zoom out\" from Amerigo Bonasera (Salvatore Corsitto). The shot is beautifully lit--most of the frame is extremely dark, giving Bonasera a chiaroscuro effect (the opening is also unusual in that it's a long monologue from a minor character).Willis and Coppola have a knack for placing their actors in the frame to create depth and interesting visual patterns. This is done so slyly that at first blush you wouldn't believe it's something they thought about, but if you keep this in mind while watching, you can see delightful visual paths that zigzag, wind to a focal point, and so on, all created by the confluence of actors and scenery in the frame.If you haven't seen The Godfather before, the most important thing you can do before watching is to forget about all of the \"greatest film of all time\" hype. That's only likely to set up expectations that could never be met; more than likely you'll be disappointed. Just think of it as one of the better films from one of Hollywood's more admirable but relatively odder directors, featuring earlier performances from a very well known cast, and keep in mind that it's as much a \"historical family saga\" as a crime or gangster film."
"237" "It is now past 1 PM and I just finished watching Francis Ford Coppola's \"The Godfather\". I should probably go to bed. It's late and tomorrow I have to wake up a bit early. But not early enough to postpone writing these lines. Now that I have seen it three times, the opportunity of sharing my thoughts and refreshed insights are too much of a good offer to sit on. So, bear with me.This film works so well because it takes place in an underworld in which we are so embedded that we do not even observe it. Coppola puts us straight in the smack-dab center of what is, admittedly, a society made by criminals for criminals. It is also the reason why it's so welcoming. We are surrounded by its inhabitants--cold-blooded murderers, men who see crime like a 9 to 5 job masquerading as honorable men. And I do mean men. From the outside, we would only witness the horrifying, disturbing manifestations of their well-thought out actions.But it goes even deeper than that. It all revolves around the Corleone family led by Don Vito Corleone (Marlon Brando). He is the most honest of these men, sitting right on the edge. But for people like him, who do not fully embrace this world, it's not easy. He avoids conflict until it is absolutely necessary. He is a man defined by moral principles. There is a scene at the beginning, in which, during his daughter's wedding day, one of his associates, Luca Brasi (Lenny Montana) practices his speech that he is going to give to the Don when he meets him. The scene with these two is funny and almost adorable. I could not help but sympathize both of them only to realize that I am feeling warmth for two mobsters. Not to even mention that Lenny Montana was an actual mob hit-man and that he was actually nervous as he said that line.The more I watched the more I realized just how incredibly complex and ruthless this society is and how it has the power to corrupt anyone to come in contact with it. The best example is Corleone's youngest son, Michael (Al Pacino). He returns home for his sister's wedding as a war hero dressed the part with his long-time girlfriend, Kay Adams (Diane Keaton). At first, he avoids this underworld, but necessity, first-hand exposure and just its sheer devilish appealing nature draws him in. As we get further in the film, the change is shocking and every outsider who ever got close to him is tainted in one way or another. If they survive it, they are drawn in as well as we are as viewers.Inside, Coppola exposes the family to us fully, with a bold personal approach and we witness every discussion, every methodically calculated choice. Crime is done simply because it is the nature of their business, and we are put on a chair alongside them, so we easily relate. For us, they are the good guys, the rival families are the bad guys. This is the greatest feat this film managed to pull off--set apart good guys and bad guys in a world filled with bad guys.This is a film of unmatched subtlety. No other movie sustains itself as good. No other film is done with such precision, attention and completeness. There are many layers which I probably missed and maybe will never notice. But I felt them. What director Francis Ford Coppola and his partner in crime (poor choice of words, sorry) Mario Puzo did is nothing short of a timeless piece of reference cinema whose influence is not based on reinventing the wheel, but rather perfecting it to the absolute maximum.Most masterpieces are remembered for their historical contributions. \"Citizen Kane\" brought the biggest step-up to the art form, the same things did \"Gone With the Wind\" or \"2001: A Space Odyssey\". \"The Godfather\" is one of the few films that will be remembered simply because they are that good and I cannot possibly imagine a greater achievement."
"238" "The Godfather is one of the most iconic films in cinema history. There are three points in the film that made it stand alone: direction, acting, and writing. The direction of this film was great! Frances Fran Coppela really knows how to make a great film. Like Steven Spilberg, Peter Jackson, James Cameron, and so many others, he as list himself as one of the most greatest directors in Hollywood. He's my role model. The acting was terrible, just kidding! :) The Acting was amazing. Marlon Brando carries the anchor of this movie, but Al Pacino holds it carefully. The cast of this movie was a good example of cast chemistry. Great Cast! The Writing was awesome. Coppela knows what he is doing when he is writing a script to a major blockbuster hit. That's why he's my role model. The Godfather is one my favorite films of all time. I would recommend you see this movie. It's awesome."
"239" "I cannot think of a single negative of the Godfather. It truly is a classic and will always be one of the greatest films ever made. I have seen it many times and recently purchased the movie so that I could watch it anytime that I want. I love the score for this film and get goosebumps when I hear that opening trumpet begin to play. As the movie progresses I begin to feel a connection to the characters and become invested in their growth and story. As many times as I have seen this movie, I continue to have the same feelings. It is one of the movies that can never get old and will always be a masterpiece. It will be a number of years before anything can come close to the magnitude of this film and it may never be contested."
"240" "What a brilliant film. It is one of my favorites. The aging patriarch of an organized crime dynasty transfers control of his clandestine empire to his reluctant son. I love this film All of my family loves it My girlfriend loves it. I think it is one of the best films ever. It stars many actors such as Marlon Brando and Al Pacino. It is one of the most greatest films of all time. I have it on DVD at home and the Soundtrack at home.The Godfather is a 1972 American crime film directed by Francis Ford Coppola and produced by Albert S. Ruddy from a screenplay by Mario Puzo and Coppola. Starring Marlon Brando and Al Pacino as the leaders of the fictional Corleone New York crime family, the story spans the years 194555, concentrating on the transformation of Michael Corleone from reluctant family outsider to ruthless Mafia boss while chronicling the family under the patriarch Vito.Based on Puzo's best-selling novel of the same name, The Godfather is widely regarded as one of the greatest films in world cinema and as one of the most influential, especially in the gangster genre. Ranked second to Citizen Kane by the American Film Institute in 2007,it was selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry of the Library of Congress in 1990 as being \"culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant\".The film was the box office leader for 1972 and was, for a time, the highest-grossing picture ever made. It won three Academy Awards for that year: Best Picture, Best Actor (Brando) and in the category Best Adapted Screenplay for Puzo and Coppola. Its nominations in seven other categories included Pacino, James Caan and Robert Duvall for Best Supporting Actor and Coppola for Best Director. The success spawned two sequels: The Godfather Part II in 1974, and The Godfather Part III in 1990."
"241" "The Godfather is an extravaganza, nigh flawless, a cinematic magnum opus, ubiquitously acclaimed for its brilliance and for being in a league of its own. The Godfather doesn't depict poetic justice but rather portrays the triumph of perspicacious potency over abject vulnerability. The Godfather is known, not for its cogency but for its eloquence. The movie being star-studded is decorated with a plethora of supernal performances and it won't be a hyperbole that almost every actor gave an Oscar worthy performance. Marlon Brando is exceptionally brilliant in his sterling portrayal of Vito Corleone and so is Al Pacino in his remarkable portrayal of Michael Corleone. The grandeur of Don Vito Corleone ironically lies in his austerity and inexorable equanimity.The grandiosity of the movie is such, that even the biggest complement made about it may sound like a picayune remark. The Godfather may most aptly be described as an obituary of humanity, a requiem of mankind, owing to the pervasive violence and the brutality that it portrays in an utmost sanguinary fashion. In a nutshell, the movie has transcended all the limits of mortality only to achieve apotheosis.http://www.apotpourriofvestiges.com/"
"242" "As an Films Studies student from London. Watching this film was one of the most exciting thrill that ever happened to me. The powerful use of script and the Cinematography used to shoot the scenes were perfect and powerful. The first sequence of the film grips the audiences attention that this is not about brutal murders or shooting people without reason but involves discipline and symbolises the role played by Vito Corleone as being like a senator or a president when people come to help. I have watched this film more than 20 times and still don't get bored of it. If you want to compare it with Citizen Cane or Scarface, you can't. Because its too artistic and a perfect film for a gangster/crime hybrid film. When Al Pacino's role changes the film creates more suspense and concern on how he would run the family, but everyone then believes in him and he then becomes the next Godfather.This film is one of the best film ever to be made. Perfect in the way it starts and subsequently the ending as well, if you haven't watch this film didn't understand the concept of it, then don't bother watching films. This is the best film ever to be made...10/10"
"243" "Incredible!! With the epic soundtrack, characters, plot, casting, and directing this movie has to be considered THE best of all time. Although it is one of many Francis Ford Coppola masterpieces, this movie stands apart from the others. By telling the Corleone story from the inside of the family and mafia, viewers easily identify with and care about the characters. The cinematography is amazing too, and some of the shots and scenes from this movie can be considered the best of any movie throughout time. You can see IMDb's 9.2 rating of The Godfather and hear about the movie as often as you want, but until you experience the power of this film yourself, it will be impossible to grasp the importance of the movie to cinema. Although this movie is from the early 70s, it is by no means dated. Michael Corleone is my personal favorite character of all time, and the chance to see James Caan, Robert Duvall, Marlon Brando, Al Pacino, and John Cazale work together is unforgettable. Nobody could've known that Marlon Brando, with two cotton balls, would create the most famous voice in cinematic history."
"244" "You can't really criticize a film like \"The Godfather\", especially from a younger-type guy like me. Since its release in 1972, \"The Godfather\" has been highly praised by fans universally. It's extremely hard for a person who has never seen \"The Godfather\" without having high expectations because millions of people, maybe more have been talking about how wonderful it is. But as a film critic who has seen the movie several times and has read the novel that it was based on by Mario Puzo, this movie really deserves the credibility it gets. It really is that special. The film is a gripping epic that indulges the viewer with plenty of unsuspecting twists and a plot that works in a multitude of dimensions. The mobster's depicted here face many trials and tribulation that involve marriage, favours, family struggles, turncoats, tragic events, violence and rigor mortis.Don Vito Corleone (Marlon Brando) is the head patriarch and kingpin of his esteemed enterprise is acquainted to at his daughter's wedding, which is a special occurrence in Italian tradition (Sicilian in particular) where the father of the bride is to refrain from offering the groom any special favours. His representatives showing their signs of respect towards the Don are featured in the opening scenes are told through their ways of personal address and greeting regimentations. The Don is to be treated with respect and dignity, a man who follows his own frame of mind to what is fair, and will likely deny any means of avenge. As an example, if anyone was to fondle with his daughter in any kind of way grounds for murder. It's not revenge, as long as your daughter's still breathing.There are also numerous facets that indicate how not so respected the Don really is. Vito comes from the old school of Mafia, and can be labeled as a \"Moustache\" Pete. For one, unlike his adversaries, he refuses to get involved with drugs or smuggling for that matter. It this is much to the chagrin of other rival mob units in the state of New York. The violence is described disturbingly as nothing personal, it's just business. The philosophy behind this organized crime is chilling, but quite convincing. The violence is creepily accepted and sometimes happens all of the sudden. Suddenly, the Corleone enterprise falls on its foundations, and it's up to the next generation to restore the family so it could be ranked as the top of the best mob families.The cast features a myriad of talented performers each playing their respective roles flawlessly. The top stars like Brando as Vito, James Caan as the hot-tempered Sonny, Al Pacino as the likable Michael, John Cazale as middle-sibling Fredo, Robert Duvall as mob attorney Tom Hagen, Richard Castellano as Clemenza, Abe Vigoda as Tessio and Diane Keaton as Kay Adams are what I may have expected what the characters from Puzo's book look like physically. Even the smaller roles deserve special credit. The performances were absolutely amazing. The characters in the film compliment the characters from the novel and it is mainly due to the physical structuring and the carefully planned interpretation.The novel this movie was based on by Mario Puzo deserves praise in itself. Even though this movie was a fictional, there are a lot of authentic features that make every scene and every chapter to be real. I guess people when they think of mob bosses they visualize a supreme Don, sitting in his chair with a long facial expression contemplating with endless level-headedness and leadership. \"The Godfather\" is a marvel from both the film and the novel and it is hard to determine what medium is the better of the two.If there is one thing that the book is better would be character development. Al Pacino's Michael Corleone is a more prominent character in the novel than in the movie. Michael's transformation in the movie is at times a bit rushed, while in the book it's handled more gradual. The other character Luca Brasi played by Lenny Montana was a more vital character in the novel, which while he was an ally to the Corleone clan, is marked as a threatening adversary with a dark and dreary secret. In the movie comes across as a big oaf, and not as scary. It's also nice that some of the smaller characters from the novel have engaging back stories like Captain McCluskey (Sterling Hayden). But that's good for the novel's sake, while the film would result in overdone detailing.Overall, \"The Godfather\" is one of the greatest films ever made. Thanks mainly to the crew for creating a well-structured setting that compliments nicely to the characters, the script and most importantly, the direction of Francis Ford Coppola. Hats off to the cinematography from Gordon Willis which is backed nicely by the elegant score from Nino Rota and Carlo Savina. This film truly defines the words \"required viewings.\""
"245" "Up until today, I haven't bothered to review \"The Godfather\". After all, everyone pretty much knows it's one of the greatest films ever made. It's #2 on IMDb's Top 100. It won the Best Picture Oscar. And, there are nearly 1600 reviews on IMDb. So what's one more review?! Well, after completing 14,000 reviews (because I am nuts), I guess it's time I got around to reviewing a film I should have reviewed a long time ago. So, here goes....the film is perfect and only a dope wouldn't watch it. Unfortunately, IMDb requires me to say more to meet it's 10 line minimum for reviews. So, I'll point out that you do NOT need to like gangster films to enjoy this film. Yes, it's violent and nasty in spots--but it's also brilliantly written and produced from start to finish and deserves the accolades it's received.My advice is that instead of just watching \"The Godfather\" and \"The Godfather: Part II\", see the combined version they created for television--with additional scenes that made it a very rich experience."
"246" "This film contains all the elements of a genuine masterpiece. Its attention to detail, history, and tradition. An absolutely wonderful screenplay. Its comparative closeness to the novel and a storyline which became the template for future stories in this genre. As for the performances: there is not one single character flaw in this entire cast. What continues to amaze me about this film more than any other is the fact that not only were the correct actors and actresses chosen for the roles but that they were each chosen at the perfect point in their respective careers. Throughout this film, there is not one actor nor actress who seems \"too old or young for the part\". Nor does anyone (including an extremely strong Diane Keaton) seem \"out of place\" or \"unconvincing\". The plot and storyline could not have been better and this is one film that no matter how many times you've seen it, it still continues to amaze, entertain, and (in some ways) inform. Like some of the classics which preceded it, it holds up very well over time and will probably continue to do so. I currently own on VHS \"The Godfather Saga\" (the first 2 movies woven together in chronological order) which is absolutely amazing. It begins with the birth of Vito and ends with the eventual rise of Michael. Although Francis Ford Coppola does not like this version of his epic, I sure wish he would release it on DVD."
"247" "The Godfather (1972) did for gangster movies what 2001: A Space Odyssey did for science fiction. Like Stanley Kubrick, Francis Ford Coppola re-energized and, to a degree, reinvented a basic Hollywood pulp fiction action-entertainment genre, using it as a vehicle for the high artistic ambitions of a post-New Wave film \"auteur.\" Within his narrower focus on 20th century American civilization (as opposed to Kubrick's philosophical speculations on human evolution), Coppola shapes the story of the Corleone Mafia family into an epic/satiric vision of American business, government, justice, and moral decline. The Godfather's brilliantly constructed opening sequence, the wedding of Don Corleone's daughter, not only establishes the Don's character, the nature of his organization, the role of family and Sicilian tradition in his world, and the character of his sons (three natural and one adopted), but also establishes the relationship between the Don's world and \"legitimate\" society. For instance, the film's opening words are those of Bonasera, a petitioner for a wedding \"favor,\" whose voice over a dark screen first asserts the American Dream, \"I believe in America. America has made my fortune,\" and then turns to disillusioned contradiction: \"for justice, we must go to Don Corleone.\"Numerous subsequent lines of dialog establish literal or metaphorical connections between the criminal underworld and social institutions. Some of the most memorable ones include: \"My father is no different than any powerful man, any man with power, like a president or senator.\"\"Now we have the unions, we have the gambling; and they're the best things to have. But narcotics is a thing of the future. And if we don't get a piece of that action, we risk everything we have. I mean not now, but ten years from now.\" \"It's not personal, Sonny. It's strictly business.\" And most famously of all: \"I'm gonna make him an offer he can't refuse.\" The film's title refers to two godfathers, the original Don Corleone and his youngest son - and ultimate successor - Michael. Marlon Brando's performance as Don Corleone, for which he was awarded a Best Actor Academy Award, balances the Don's subtly counter-pointed functions as beloved, grandfatherly patriarch and fearsome, brutal crime boss. Yet Michael, as the character most centrally and significantly affected by the film's plot and played with a brilliance equaling Brando's by a then unknown Al Pacino, is the principal protagonist.At the wedding, Michael's centrality is signaled by the Don's frantic call, \"Where's Michael? We are not taking the picture without Michael!\" A World War II hero still in decorated uniform, Michael is meanwhile busy differentiating himself from his family to his girl friend and future second wife, Kay (Diane Keaton). \"Luca Brasi held a gun to the band leader's head,\" he relates, \"and my father assured him that either his signature or his brains would be on the release. That's my family Kay. It's not me.\" Michael's initial disinterest in Mafia activities is reinforced by his adoring father who envisions him as \"Senator Corleone\" or \"Governor Corleone\" not as his successor. That role is reserved for his hot-headed eldest son, Sonny (James Caan). But, of course, events conspire to suck Michael in - and to keep sucking him in right through Godfather III - the assassination attempt on his father, Michael's coolly murderous response, the car bomb meant for him that kills his first wife, the Sicilian beauty Apollonia (aptly named for the god of sun light), the riddled body of his brother Sonny. Inevitably, a morally darkened Michael emerges at the end of the film, one who outdoes his father in guile and ruthlessness and whose final brutal and deceitful acts in Godfather I seal his doom as a Macbeth-like villainous tragic hero.Shot mainly on location in various New York City locales, The Godfather spans a ten-year post World War II period. A multitude of props, costumes, and pop culture artifacts arranged by the film's art director, Warren Clyner, and production designer, Dean Tavoularis, lend a rich sense of historical authenticity to the film's mise en scene. Moreover, the film's lighting by brilliant cinematographer Gordon (\"prince of darkness\") Willis, contributes greatly to both the film's realism and its thematic symbolism. Compare, for instance, the use of extremely dark, shadowy, color desaturated interior scenes <U+0096> especially in the Don's home office <U+0096> with the brightly lit, vivaciously colored outdoor wedding scene or the sun-drenched, romanticized Sicilian landscape.The Godfather is edited in the classic Hollywood invisible style, subordinating technique to the needs of narrative and visual continuity. But the film is expertly edited nonetheless. In particular one might note the stunning use of multiple parallel editing that occurs in one of the film's last scenes: the assassination of the other crime family heads, elaborately planned to coincide with Michael's participation in the baptism of sister Connie's child. Likewise, The Godfather's soundtrack is a memorable combination of diegetic period music (\"Have Yourself a Merry Little Christmas\") and a lush, operatic original score composed by one of the greatest film music composers, Nino Rota (a frequent Fellini collaborator as in 8 1/2).With The Godfather and its even more ambitious sequel, Coppola pushed the classic gangster film in the direction of high art and released it once and for all from the moralistic grip of the Hays Code, which arose in the 1930s in large part as a response to the romanticizing of criminals found in such early examples of the gangster genre as Scarface, Little Cesar, and Public Enemy. Not only did the code regulate the degree and nature of sexual and violent imagery in all films, but it also specifically required that criminals be portrayed as morally repulsive social deviants and that plots involving them be resolved with the implicit or explicit lesson that \"crime did not pay.\" Fortunately for American popular culture The Godfather radically rewrote the rulebook and paved the way for a generation's-worth of gangster masterpieces ranging from the Scarface remake to Pulp Fiction to The Sopranos."
